Somerset County | Home Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Show/Hide Based upon operational needs, Somerset County’s Warrenbrook Senior Wellness Center is redirecting its members, from Wednesday, July 8 to Friday, July 24, 2026, to the Senior Wellness Center at Basking Ridge. Transportation arrangements will be made by Office on Aging and Disability staff to support this change. The Senior Wellness Center at Basking Ridge offers a robust array of engaging programs and a nutritious noontime meal, just like the Warrenbrook Center. Services at Warrenbrook Senior Wellness Center will resume on Monday, July 27, 2026. If you have questions, call (908) 704-6346 or email officeaging@somersetcountynj.gov . Share in the Spirit of America with Somerset County Explore Somerset County: Where History Comes Alive Special Edition Newsletter: Celebrate America 250 Celebrate 250 Years of America in Somerset County Somerset County is Hiring! Public Notices & OPRA Celebrate 250 Recycling Road Projects Aging & Disability Services Locator County Commissioners Somerset County consists of 21 municipalities in the heart of central New Jersey. It is governed by an elected Board of County Commissioners who include (photo, l-r) Commissioner Sara Sooy, Commissioner Melonie Marano, Director Shanel Y. Robinson, Deputy Director Paul Drake, and Commissioner Elizabeth Graner. County Commissioners • Boards & Commissions • Diversity Statement • Livestream Meetings Events Jul 14 Commissioners Work Agenda Meeting 05:00 PM - 05:00 PM Jul 14 Commissioners Regular Meeting 05:30 PM - 05:30 PM Jul 18 History on the Green 10:00 AM - 04:00 PM More Events News Recycling Collections May Be Delayed in Franklin Township June 25 Residents should leave their recyclables at the curb, and the remaining items will be collected as soon as possible. The Senior Wellness Center at Warrenbrook Will Be Temporarily Relocated July 8 – 24 Transportation arrangements will be made by Office on Aging and Disability staff to support this change. Recycling Collections May Be Delayed in Bound Brook and Somerville June 24 Residents should leave their recyclables at the curb, and the remaining items will be collected as soon as possible. More News Celebrate 250 Recycling Aging & Disability Services OPRA & Public Notices Road Projects Services Locator We're Hiring! Events News