Jail Visitation Info – Putnam County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Skip to footer Contact Us Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on X Contact Us by Email Jail Visitation Info Individuals are entitled to one 15-minute initial visit within twenty-four hours of being committed to the Putnam County Correctional Facility. After completing the Classification process, individuals receive four 30-minute blocks (2 hours) of visitation time each week. 30-minute blocks can be combined, up to the two-hour weekly allotment upon request but may not be broken up less into than 30-minutes. Unused time does not carry over to following week. Professional. Legal, or Pastoral visits do not count against the weekly visitation time. Failure to follow proper conduct or rules while in visitation may result in the session being concluded by the Officer assigned to visitation. Each visitor must provide acceptable documentation. Up to two adults and two children may visit at a time. Adult visitors, 18 years or older, must provide current photo identification according to issue date and expiration. Any fake or tampered government identifications will be confiscated and the person presenting the identification may be subject to criminal action. Acceptable identification for persons over 18 years of age is as follows: State Driver’s License with photo or State Non-driver’s Identification with photo NY State Social Services Identification Card with photo Passport with Photo (if non-United States it must have USA date of entry stamp) United States Military Identification Card; active, retired, guard or reserve Resident Alien Card issued by INS (formerly known as a Green Card) Social Security Insurance Benefits Card with photo and date of birth Personal Identification Card issued by the Putnam County Sheriff’s Department. Children under 18: Birth Certificate; must be certified original School Identification Card with photo Any person less than 18 years old must be accompanied by their parent or legal guardian . The parent/legal guardian must be able to prove the underage person is their child or that they have legal guardianship over the person under 18 years of age. Anyone accompanied by an adult that is not their parent or legal guardian can do so with prior documentation and approval. Incarcerated individuals or parents can request the Putnam County Correction Facility form SOJ999 to be sent in completed and notarized for approval from the Correction Administrator. Approval or denial will take place within 7 days of receiving the properly completed form. SOJ999 Forms are located at the Main Control window for visitors. Incarcerated individuals can request forms thru their unit officer. PERSONAL VISITATION SCHEDULE Monday Thursday Friday 2:00 – 4:30 pm 6:30 9:00 pm 2:00 – 4:30 pm 6:30 9:00 pm 9:00 – 11:30 am 12:30 – 3:00 pm 4:00 – 4:30 pm There is no visitation on Saturdays, Sundays or Legal Holidays. (Holiday Schedule) For holidays celebrated on Mondays, Thursdays or Fridays, visitation will be on Wednesday of the same week at the scheduled hours for the day of the holiday. THANKSGIVING WEEK VISITATION SCHEDULE Monday Tuesday Wednesday 2:00 – 4:30 pm 6:30 9:00 pm 2:00 – 4:30 pm 6:30 9:00 pm 9:00 – 11:30 am 12:30 – 3:00 pm 4:00 – 4:30 pm VISITATION RULES Visitors must be checked in at the window and signed in 15 minutes prior to the start of visitation. Visits start on the half-hour. No entry to the visitation room at 3:30 pm on any visitation day. No items are to be brought to visitation. Visitors must have proper valid government-issued photo identification to enter the Correctional Facility. Up to two adults and two children are permitted per incarcerated individual at a time. Children under 18 must be accompanied by their guardian and must have a valid ID or copy of birth certificate at the time of entry. Visitors must be properly dressed and be able to pass the metal detector to enter the Correctional Facility. All visitors will be subject to mouth checks prior and after visitation. Any contact after initially greeting the visitation officer may terminate the visit. No tops with hoods or flip-flops are allowed. No loud vulgar or obscene language is allowed during visitation. All visitors will comply with all orders given by Visitation Officers. Visitors are to follow instructions to greeting and seating procedures An individual is permitted two hours of visitation per week in half hour increments. You may combine 30-minute blocks up to the two-hour allotment. If a visit ends before 30 minutes, the half-hour is still counted in full towards the weekly allotment. Left over time does not carry over to the next week. Visitation is first come, first seated. If visitation seating is to capacity, visits may be delayed entry to the next available time slot. “Orders of Protection” specifications will be honored within the facility, and entry may not be permitted. Please take notice contact with your visitor will be only permitted in a designated area at the beginning of the visit and at the end of the visit under the supervision of a Correction Officer. Contact is considered a handshake, hug, kiss on the lips, embrace, etc. Except during the above-designated periods and area, THERE IS NO OTHER CONTACT PERMITTED . There is to be no passing of ANY ITEM. Any violation of this may result in termination of the visit as set forth in New York State Minimum Standards and Regulations for management of county jails and penitentiaries by the New York State Commission of Corrections. Copyright © 2026 • Putnam County Sheriff's Office