Your Career Awaits You at The Kern County Sheriff's Office The Kern County Sheriff’s Office A great career awaits you! We’re looking for leaders who want to join our winning team in providing the finest law enforcement services to the people of Kern County, California. The Kern County Sheriff's Office A Great Career Awaits You We’re looking for leaders who want to join our winning team in providing the finest law enforcement services to the people of Kern County, California. INSIDE KCSO CONTACT A RECRUITER Our Badge is a Symbol of Public Trust and Professionalism Every member of our team has earned the right to wear our badge. Many people want to wear it, but only a few have earned it. If you are a mature, motivated, ethically sound individual who wants to join a team of like-minded people, then a career with the Kern County Sheriff’s Office might be the place for you. Take a look throughout our website, ask questions of our recruiters, and get an in-depth look of our office and team members by following us on social media. Then you’ll know if KCSO is where you need to be. You Have Options With KCSO From Deputy Sheriff to mechanics, the Kern County Sheriff’s Office has employment opportunities that need to be fulfilled by great people. Sworn Positions Dispatch Positions Support Positions Attend one of our Career Hiring Events We have exciting employment opportunities waiting to be filled by exceptional individuals like you. Join us at one of our hiring events and embark on a fulfilling career with the Kern County Sheriff’s Office. There are no upcoming events at this time. See and Hear For Yourself… Watch what we do and hear why our team members are proud to call KCSO their home. Donny Youngblood Sheriff | Coroner | Public Administrator Like our unique red patch, our Sheriff’s Office is uniquely different than others. You can become a Deputy Sheriff, Detentions Deputy, or any one of our numerous civilian classifications. We also offer a transition program to allow you to move between classifications. Our over 8000 sq. miles has 13 substations where we want you to live and serve our communities. In fact, we will pay you an extra $2000 a month to live in select substation response areas. We have substations from mountains, to lakes, to the high desert. If aviation is for you, we train our own pilots to fly our 8 different aircraft. We offer great promotional opportunities that allow us to help you be the best you can be. We love our organization and invite you to explore our website to see if it’s a fit for you. We live in a county where our residents greatly appreciate us and we them. Take a look at us, we really want you to become a part of our community and family. If you have questions, call any of us and we will answer. From the Sheriff down, we await your call!! Donny Youngblood Sheriff, Kern County Sheriff’s Office Great Benefits & Incentives Take a look at what we offer and you’ll see we’re competitive, if not better, than other employers! Recruitment & Retention Bonus* Lateral Bonus* Relocation Bonus* Monthly Housing Allowance* % Shift Differential Pay % POST Certificate Pay* *Certain conditions apply. Read further details in the job details on this website or the Kern County Jobs Website. Inside KCSO Get to know our agency, leadership, and the testing process to make sure it’s a good fit for both you and us. Inside KCSO Meet the Sheriff HIRING PROCESS