Louisiana State Penitentiary - Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections Louisiana State Penitentiary back to map Physical Address 17544 Tunica Trace, Angola, LA 70712 Phone (225) 655-4411 Mailing Address 17544 Tunica Trace, Angola, LA 70712 Warden Darrel Vannoy Mission The mission of Louisiana State Penitentiary is to provide for the custody, control, care, and treatment of adjudicated people in prison through enforcement of the laws, and management of programs designed to ensure the safety of the public, staff, and imprisoned people, and to further reintegrate people releasing from prison into society. Philosophy We respect the need for public safety and operate our programs and services in a way to ensure a better Louisiana. We respect our employees and understand the challenges inherent in their provision of public service. We respect the dignity of people in prison and work hard not only to comply with federal, state, and other mandates, but also to provide an environment that will enable them to live a productive life upon release as a means to reduce recidivism. Louisiana State Penitentiary strives to maintain an environment where high ethical standards are expected and performance accountability is a critical element of our success. Goals Provide basic/broad-based educational programs to adults in prison who are motivated to take advantage of these services and have demonstrated behavior that would enable them to function within an educational setting. Prepare people in prison for release through implementation of innovative programs and initiatives. Maximize public safety through appropriate and effective correctional, custodial, and supervisory programs. Provide constitutionally acceptable levels of health care that reflect community care standards and operate in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Develop and implement a comprehensive mental health program to screen, diagnose, and treat mental illness, developmental disabilities and substance abuse. Continue to effectively manage available resources to ensure maximum and efficient utilization and avoidance of budget deficits in accomplishing goals and objectives. Continue to provide for the safety of the correctional staff and people in prison by maintaining an organized and disciplined system of operations that promotes stability in the institution. To further rehabilitative efforts by providing an environment that enables behavioral changes by making rehabilitation opportunities available to people in prison, which will increase their odds of being successfully reintegrated into society. Through the provision of quality health services, assure that the health of all people in prison is adequately evaluated and that proper and effective treatment is provided as needed in order to maintain their health. Maintain rigorous operational standards. Directions The Louisiana State Penitentiary is located at the end of Highway 66, approximately twenty-two miles northwest of the town of St. Francisville, Louisiana (Highway 61). From St. Francisville, travel north on Highway 61 for approximately two miles. Shortly after passing the West Feliciana High School appearing on your right, turn left onto Highway 66 using the turning lane provided. The twenty-mile long highway ends at the penitentiary’s front gate. From Baton Rouge, follow I-110 (Martin Luther King Highway) to Highway 61 North and take the Natchez/St. Francisville exit. Travel approximately twenty-one miles to St. Francisville, and then follow the directions given above from St. Francisville. From New Orleans, take I-10 to Baton Rouge. At exit 155-B, turn right onto the ramp towards I-110/Business District/Metro Airport. I-110 ends at US Highway 61. Turn right (North) onto US Highway 61. Travel approximately twenty-six miles to Highway 66. Turn left on Highway 66. Highway 66 ends at the gates of Louisiana State Penitentiary. Visitation Information The administration of Louisiana State Penitentiary views visiting as a vital aspect of an imprisoned person’s rehabilitation process. This connection to family and friends allows the imprisoned person to make a smooth transition to prison life and helps him adapt to society and family life upon release from custody. Upon his arrival at LSP, an imprisoned person must submit a list of individuals with whom he wishes to visit. Once approved, this list becomes their official visiting list. Only the visitors who appear on this (current) approved visiting list are allowed to visit. Children under the age of eighteen may visit, but must be accompanied at all times by an adult listed on the imprisoned person’s approved visiting list. Visiting Days/Hours Visiting days are Saturday & Sunday from 6 a.m. until 4 p.m. Visitors must arrive prior to 2 p.m., at which time the bus makes its final departure to the visiting area(s). Length of Visits Each imprisoned person is afforded a two-hour (2) visit on any visiting day. The warden or designee retains the discretion to determine the duration of visits based on available space and staff. Number of Visitors An imprisoned person is allowed ten (10) approved visitors plus one (1) religious adviser on his list. Each visitor on the approved visiting list will be permitted to visit twice (2) a month. Each imprisoned person is allowed to visit with up to five (5) visitors, including children, at one time. Visitor Searches All visitors are subject to a search of their vehicles, possessions, and persons. This is necessary to preclude the introduction of weapons, ammunition, explosives, cell phones, alcohol, escape devices, drugs and drug paraphernalia, or other forbidden items or contraband into the prison environment. All searches of visitors will be conducted in accordance with Department Regulation No. C-02-005 and Penitentiary Directive No. 09.004, and 09.004\A. Visitors will be allowed to take the following to the visiting area: Wallet or clutch purse with no more than $300.00 cash money per family. Nitroglycerine tablets (must remain on person). Prescription medication in original container. Must be given to bus driver and kept at security counter and returned to visitor at Front Gate Visiting by bus driver. Medication should be limited in quantity to no more than that required for the duration of the visit. Prescription asthma spray to remain with the visitor. Small amount of candy, if diabetic. One car key. Remote car locks are allowed if they are attached to the key ring. If the visitor has a baby, the following items will be permitted: up to four diapers, two jars of vacuum-sealed baby food, two bottles of milk or juice, one change of clothing, one diaper bag, one baby blanket, maximum width or length not to exceed 48 inches. Wallet-size photos. No items listed above can be left with the imprisoned person at the termination of the visit. Visitor Dress Code Visiting areas are designed to cultivate a family atmosphere for family and friends of all ages. Visitors should dress and act accordingly. The following apparel is considered inappropriate and shall result in the denial of visits: Clothing that is similar in appearance to the clothing worn by imprisoned people. Male and female visitors shall not wear denim or chambray shirts; gray, blue or white sweatshirts; or white t-shirts. Undergarments, underwear and bra, must not be visible. Underwear must be worn by all visitors. Clothing that is similar in appearance to the clothing worn by correctional officers (i.e. camouflage, blue BDU’s, etc.). Transparent clothing Swimming suits Skirts, shorts, skorts, culottes, and dresses shorter than one inch above the knee cap or those with revealing slits. Strapless, tube and halter tops, tank tops and strapless dresses Tops that expose the midriff Low-cut blouses, shirts, and dresses Spandex, Lycra or spandex-like athletic pants, aerobic/exercise tights, or leotards Clothing with revealing holes or tears one inch above the knee cap Clothing or accessories with obscene or profane writing, images, or pictures Gang or club-related clothing or insignia indicative of gang affiliation House slippers and shower shoes and flip flops are not allowed. Footwear must remain on feet at all times. These restrictions apply to all visitors. Hats or other head coverings are not permitted, except as required by religious beliefs. Identification All approved visitors must have in their possession a picture ID (valid state issued driver’s license or state issued ID card obtained through the Department of Motor Vehicles). All visitors 15 years of age and above must have a picture ID in order to visit an imprisoned person. Other accepted forms of picture ID include passports and military, law enforcement, college/university, or school identification. For more visitation information, click here. Educational Programming Through partnerships with the Louisiana Community and Technical College System, the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, Ashland University, and the Louisiana Department of Education, Louisiana State Penitentiary provides opportunities for participation in the following educational programs: New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary (NOBTS) Ashland University (Bachelor’s degree in general studies) Upper Iowa University Adult Basic Education (ABE)/ General Educational Development (GED)/ High School Equivalency Test (HiSET) Literacy Special School District (SSD) #1 Pre-Release Exit Program (PREP) Carpentry Culinary arts Horticulture Welding Reentry and Rehabilitative Program Automotive Technology – Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) Certification Building and General Construction Collision Repair – ASE Certification Corrections Reentry Court Workforce Program Electrician Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) Excellence Certification Outdoor Power Equipment Print Ed Certification National Center for Construction Education and Research (NCCER) Certification — Carpentry, Welding, Heating and Air Conditioning, Electrical, Industrial Painting, Concrete Finishing and Brick Masonry Eye glass repair Tours Louisiana State Penitentiary is the state’s oldest and only maximum security prison and, as such, a much sought after tour for school groups, churches, and criminal justice professionals. Tours of the Penitentiary grounds serve to educate the public on the history of the prison as well as the current reentry, rehabilitative and moral initiatives implemented over the last several decades which helped to transform Louisiana State Penitentiary from “the bloodiest prison in America” to a model prison for onsite faith-based and vocational training curriculums. The historical and educational bus tour includes a visit to the museum, the historic Red Hat, and a drive past the six prison camps that sit on the 18,000 acre piece of property that is known as Louisiana State Penitentiary. The tours do not go into the prison camps or dorms. For more information, please contact Louisiana State Penitentiary at 225-655-2031 . For more information about Louisiana State Penitentiary visit the Angola Museum website or the Angola Rodeo website. Jump to section Contact Information Mission Philosophy Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Tours Additional Information Contact Information Mission Philosophy Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Tours