SCI Huntingdon | Department of Corrections | Commonwealth of Pennsylvania The .gov means it's official. Local, state, and federal government websites often end in .gov. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania government websites and email systems use "pennsylvania.gov" or "pa.gov" at the end of the address. Before sharing sensitive or personal information, make sure you're on an official state website. SCI Huntingdon Learn more about State Correctional Institution (SCI) Huntingdon, the oldest continuously running correctional facility in Pennsylvania. Visit an inmate Send money to an inmate Popular links Contact an inmate Visit an inmate Send money to an inmate Apply for a job Contact Facility address 1100 Pike Street Huntingdon, PA 16654-1112 814-643-2400 Inmate mail address Smart Communications/PADOC Inmate Name/Inmate Number Institution PO Box 33028 St Petersburg, FL 33733 Facility information Current inmate population Acres inside perimeter : 10 Acres outside perimeter : 300 Operational structures : 76 Housing units : 14 Average number of employees : 660 Special features : Special needs unit and modular housing units More about SCI Huntingdon Programs and offices PA Correctional Industries (PCI) SCI Huntingdon features multiple PCI opportunities, including warehouse, print shop, specialty license plate shop, sign shop, garment shop, and soap/detergent shop. Huntingdon PCI employs 212 inmates. Community Work Program (CWP) The SCI Huntingdon CWP crew performs grass cutting, painting, cemetery cleanup, litter pickup, and much more for local nonprofit organizations. Reentry Service Office In order to ease a reentrant’s transition after release and improve community reintegration, the Reentry Service Offices (RSOs) are designed to provide information and services to inmates who are within 18 months to their minimum and/or release date. Reentry Parole Agents (RPAs) oversee the RSOs and work with other DOC staff members to facilitate various workshops including Life Skills, Budgeting, Digital Literacy — among many others. The RSO utilizes its computer lab to assist reentrants with resume writing, job searches, as well as providing community connections for services they may need upon release. Academic education GED Vocational programs Barbering Carpentry Custodial Maintenance Commercial Driver License Building Trades Printing Flagger OSHA Ten-Hour Construction Certification Inmate programs Pathway to Success Act 143 Victim Awareness Money Smart Veteran's Office Therapeutic Community (SUD program) SUD Co-occurring Outpatient SUD Outpatient Certified Peer Specialists Certified Recovery Specialists Leadership Superintendent: John Rivello Deputy Superintendent for Centralized Services: Michael Rowe Deputy Superintendent for Facilities Management: Walter House Business Manager: Elizabeth Stone Superintendent's Assistant: Andrea Wakefield History SCI Huntingdon is Pennsylvania’s oldest correctional institution in continuous operation. It was created by an act of the General Assembly on June 12, 1878. The original tract of ground along the Juniata River, containing 39 acres and several springs, cost $22,036. In 1889, the Industrial Reformatory at Huntingdon received its first inmates. They were deemed too young for a penitentiary and too old for a juvenile facility. In 1945, the institution was renamed the Pennsylvania Institution for Defective Delinquents. Inmates were labeled by the courts as “mentally defective with criminal tendencies.” Imates learned trades such as: Painting Plumbing Carpentry and cabinet making Electrical Masonry (stone and brick) It had a foundry, blacksmith shop, lime kiln, brick ovens, saw mill, lumber kiln, and planing mill. Farm operation supplied meats, dairy, poultry, and vegetables for the kitchen. Electricity from the power plant and water from springs made the institution nearly independent from the outside world. In 1960, SCI Huntingdon became a maximum-security, adult male state correctional institution. Department of Corrections social media Follow us on Facebook Department of Corrections social media Follow us on LinkedIn Department of Corrections social media Follow us on Twitter Contact us Return to top Proudly founded in 1681 as a place of tolerance and freedom. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Facebook Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on X Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Bluesky Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Threads Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Instagram Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on TikTok Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on YouTube Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on Flickr Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Social Media Follow on WhatsApp Top services Register to Vote Find a DMV Get a Birth Certificate Join the Veterans Registry PAyback PA.gov Careers & Internships PennWatch Right-to-Know Law Copyright © 2026 Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy & Disclaimers Translation Disclaimer Security Social Media Policy & Disclaimer