Mail & Publications | Spokane County, WA Skip to Main Content Search Home Your Government Departments A - I Detention Services Jail Information Mail & Publications Mail & Publications Inmate Mailing Address & Process The mailing address for inmates at both the downtown jail and Geiger Corrections Center is as follows: Inmate First, MI, Last Name C/O Spokane County Detention Services 1100 West Mallon Avenue Spokane, WA 99260-0320 Letters must have the sender’s first and last name and full return name and address. Do not use address stickers. Any tape, stickers, crayon, perfume, or any other items or stains on the envelope or letter may cause your mail to be returned to you or be put in the inmate’s property. * OUR MAIL POLICY HAS BEEN UPDATED * Click here to view Mail Policy All incoming mail for inmates, with the exception of confidential correspondence as defined in policy 1008.4, will be photocopied in black and white. The copy will be given to the inmate, and the original mail will be placed in the inmate’s property. Please note that under the new policy no greeting cards, greeting card envelopes, or postcards will be accepted. Letters only. Photos: The ONLY photos that will be accepted will be those sent through 3rd party vendors, i.e. Shutterfly, Walmart, Costco, etc. all other photos will be rejected. Publications Received by Inmates Inmates may receive publications as follows, provided they meet the requirements of the Mail Policy and Attachment "A". Inmates may receive new or used paperback books, newspapers, and other publications sent directly from the publisher or a bona fide bookstore or retailer. * NOTE * Hardback books are not allowed. Additionally, no more than five (5) books may be sent in at a time. Publications not meeting the requirements of the Mail Policy and Attachment "A" will initially be rejected by Detention Services personnel. The initial rejection shall be reviewed by the Detention Services Director or designee prior to a notice of rejection being given pursuant to Section VI. no publications will be withheld solely on the basis of their appeal to a particular ethnic, racial, religious, or political group or sexual orientation. Mail from Publishers Spokane County Detention Services has recently reorganized their administrative services. For most functions this does not affect any services. However, for business that provide publications or books for inmates, there is a new address if you utilize UPS or FedEx. For UPS or FedEx deliveries, the address is: Inmate Name c/o Spokane County Detention Services 1307 West Gardner Spokane WA, 99201 For USPS deliveries, the address remains the same: Inmate Name c/o Spokane County Detention Services 1100 West Mallon Avenue Spokane WA, 99260 Contact Us Detention Services Physical Address 1100 W Mallon Avenue Spokane , WA 99260 Phone: 509-477-2278 Contact Us Form Lobby Hours 7 a.m. - 9 p.m. Closed: 5 - 7 p.m. Detention Services Dashboard Medical & Mental Health Funds & Phones Detention Careers Detention Services 1100 W Mallon Avenue Spokane, WA 99260 Contact Us Data Downloads & Maps Public Records Requests Spokane County TV Boards & Commissions County FAQs /QuickLinks.aspx What are some of the benefits of receiving my bill electronically? What are the benefits of paying a bill online? How does the system work? Do I need to register to pay a bill? What forms of payment can I use? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Map Photo Credits Policies & Disclaimers Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow