Sheriff's Office | Okanogan County, WA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Message from Sheriff Barcus It is an honor to be your Okanogan County Sheriff. I took my oath of office and assumed the full duties as Sheriff of Okanogan County on April 6, 2026. As Okanogan County Sheriff we will continue to provide professional, reliable, and community-focused law enforcement services to the residents of Okanogan County by fostering collaboration, accountability, and continuous improvement within the Sheriff’s Office. I am committed to leading all division of the Sheriff’s Office including patrol and investigations, corrections, communications and search and rescue in a manner that strengthens teamwork between deputies, investigators, and volunteers while maintaining high service standards across all divisions. I will prioritize the development of our personnel through expanded training opportunities, improved staffing stability, and strong operational readiness. I am dedicated to supporting initiatives that enhance public safety outcomes, including programs that address mental health and substance use challenges and reduce repeat offenses through effective intervention and coordination. I will continue to build and maintain strong partnerships with local, tribal, state, and federal agencies to ensure a unified approach to public safety. My focus is on delivering consistent, professional service rooted in integrity, trust, and responsiveness to meet the needs of the community we serve. Sheriff Barcus is the official charged with the public safety of Okanogan County and the administration of the Okanogan County Sheriff's Office. Sheriff Barcus is the 32nd Sheriff of Okanogan County. Press Release Area Relevant press releases will be posted here and then moved to the Sheriff Correspondence section. Volunteer Opportunities Visit the Non-Law Enforcement Community Representative Special Investigation Unit page . Visit the Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence website to find domestic violence information and resources. Follow the Sheriff's Office on Facebook! Contact Us Jodie Barcus Sheriff Email the Sheriff Sheriff's Office Email the Okanogan County Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 123 5th Ave. Room 200 Okanogan , WA 98840 123 5th Ave. Room 200 Okanogan WA 98840 Directions Phone: 509-422-7200 Phone Extensions Opt. 1 : Corrections Opt. 2 : Dispatch / Complaints Opt. 3 : Records / Civil / Admin Offices Job Opportunities Livestream Meetings Forms Contact Us Okanogan County 149 North 3 rd Avenue Okanogan, WA 99840 Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow