Inmate Mail | Brazoria County, TX Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Search Go Services Service Finder Apply For Obtain Pay View Agenda & Minutes Appraisal Review Board Court Appointed Attorney Credit Card Payment Health/Food Permit Jobs / Employment Judicial Records Search New 911 Address Property Taxes Public Information Request Vehicle Registration LEARN MORE Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Feedback Print HOW TO SEND AN INMATE MAIL IMPORTANT INFORMATION - PLEASE READ EFFECTIVE JANUARY 9, 2023 In an effort to maintain security and keep contraband out of the Brazoria County Jail Facility, the Brazoria County Sheriff’s Office is implementing a new system for sending documents, photos and mail to inmates. NO packages are accepted at the Brazoria County Detention Center The Brazoria County Detention Center does not accept packages or product delivery to inmates. All packages that are attempted to be delivered may be searched and will be returned to the carrier. Sending electronic messages, documents, and photos to inmates If you wish to send documents, photos and mail to inmates, we now have a quicker and more efficient method using our new Inmate Messaging system where you just go to www.NCIC.com and set up an account. You can then easily send messages to an inmate for instant delivery. You can also take a picture of any documents and attach to these messages. Messages are only $0.25 per messages and Picture Messages / Documents are only $0.35 per picture. This is much cheaper than postage, envelopes and the time it takes to mail a letter and the inmate will receive the message and/or picture instantly. There will be no limits on how many messages and photos that can be sent to the inmates. Sending Inmates Mail Beginning on January 9, 2023, all inmate mail, EXCEPT for legal and medical mail , must be mailed to the following address utilizing existing Brazoria County Sheriff’s Office Jail mail rules. INMATE MAIL RULES : (Failure to follow these rules will result in mail being returned to sender without delivery to inmate) All envelopes must be addressed using the example above All mail must NOT be larger than 8.5" wide x 11" tall No more than 5 pages per each envelope Pages must be on-sided only Each envelope is limited to 1 (one) photograph WARNING: Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 for processing will NOT be returned or released. Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it will be destroyed. This includes pictures or anything else mailed to the processing facility. By sending the mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 you agree to the items being destroyed and understand that anything you mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 will not be returned or reimbursed for. No legal mail will be accepted. Sending Privileged Mail (Legal mail) to Inmates All privileged mail must be mailed to the Brazoria County Jail. ONLY the following mail from the following will be considered "Legal Mail": Officials of the federal, state, and local courts All federal officials and officers, including the President of the United States State officials and officers, including the Texas Commission on Jail Standards, and the Governor The inmate's attorney(s) NOTE: If mail is received and does not meet the above criteria for "Legal Mail", the mail will be returned to sender. View Full Site