IDOC: Rockville IN.gov An official website of the Indiana State Government Language Translation Governor Mike Braun Indiana Department of Correction Find Inmate's DOC Number Start voice input Frequent Searches > Submit text search MENU Close Menu Rockville Correctional Facility IDOC Facilities Adult Correctional Facilities Current: Rockville Search DOC Number Adult Facilities Juvenile Facilities Re-Entry Services Parole Districts Communication & Support Hub New Visitor Registration Process Step 1: Request Visitation All visitors must submit State Form 14387 to be screened for criminal history, employment with DOC and relation to the incarcerated individuals before scheduling the first visit. Learn How Step 2: Register for ViaPath All Visitors must register for a ViaPath Account and be approved before scheduling in-person and online visits. Register Now Step 3: Schedule Visit Already registered? Remember all visitation requests observe Eastern time. Available dates and times will be listed for that incarcerated individuals facility. Schedule Visit Visitation Guidelines Community Advisory Board Program Information Rockville Correctional Facility Visitation Attorney Visits Attorneys visits will not be considered as part of the offender's regular visitation schedule and these visitors need not be on the visitation list. All attorney visits are schedule by the Facility Litigation Liaison. Availability of space, security and safety of the facility determines if a special area may be set aside for attorney-client visits. If space is available, arrangements also may be made to allow clergy or approved spiritual advisors to have a separate space, outside of the regular visiting room/area, to meet with the incarcerated individual. In both cases, such space shall be observable by staff; however, staff shall not listen to the conversations. Search Facility Litigation Liaisons Visiting Guidelines All visitors must be on the offender's approved visitors list. Visitors may only visit the same offender once every 14 days. IDOC Visitation Policy Visitation Guidelines Community Advisory Board Community Advisory Board meet twice per year (every six months) but may meet more often as appropriate. Purpose To open avenues of communication between the facility and the communities near its operation; To assemble an eclectic group of community stakeholders to observe the operations of the facility from time to time, and to advise facility administrative staff on quality of life issues, and provide diverse perspectives on the effectiveness of facility operations and programs; To assist with the recruitment of a diverse and professional workforce; To promote the hiring of former incarcerated individuals; To help identify available community resources that could enhance the facility’s operation; and, To assist with promoting community awareness and understanding of correctional issues, and facility and Department initiatives. Programs For more information about the variety of programs the IDOC offers, please visit the Programs page. Note: Programs vary from facility to facility and are subject to change. Not all incarcerated individuals qualify or are appropriate for every program, individuals should work with their assigned case manager to see which programs they are eligible for. Purposeful Living Units Serve (PLUS) Vocations: Culinary Arts Building Maintenance Business Technology Cosmetology The Last Mile (TLM) U.S. Department of Labor: Aramark IN2Work Indiana Correctional Industry Products (ICI) Substance Abuse Outpatient Phases NA/AA Recovery While Incarcerated (RWI) Education: TASC Literacy Skills Ivy Tech College Certificate Program/WorkIN Ivy Tech Correspondence Programs Parenting SOMM (Sex Offender Management and Monitoring) Thinking for a Change Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Anger Management Stop/Tips Domestic Violence Various Bible Studies and Worship Services Celebrate Recovery Healing for Damaged Emotions/Walking the 12 Steps with Jesus Christ Dealing with Grief/Loss Kairos Women Taking Charge (A Pre-Release Program) Re-Entry Programming for pre-release 100 Days of Kindness About Rockville Correctional Facility Rockville Correctional Facility is a maximum-security adult female facility located on approximately 52 acres, one mile northwest of Rockville, Indiana. The facility was originally established as a juvenile male facility in 1970. In 1992, the facility moved through stages from young juveniles to older juveniles, to co-ed with adolescent males and adult females, to only adult females. Rockville became the largest female facility in the Department of Correction. In 1995, the state approved the Department’s plan to rebuild the Rockville Training Center, as it was called then, to fit its new mission as a 600-bed facility for women. Over the next three years, 23 structures were demolished, five were converted to stand alone heating systems and upgraded in other ways, 13 new buildings were constructed, and the whole of the facility’s infrastructure was replaced. The current facility includes a total of 22 buildings within the facility property and two residences with a total capacity of more than 1,200. The facility also serves as the intake unit for women in the Department of Correction, which involves a series of assessments to ensure each incarcerated individual is assigned to the facility and programming that best meets their needs. Incarcerated individuals have multiple educational and vocational training opportunities, including cosmetology, parenting support and a partnership with Televerde that includes training and work opportunities inside the facility and post release. Connect with us on Facebook for current updates and information. Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ I'm Interested in Volunteering Volunteers play a vital role helping the incarcerated population make a successful transition back into society. Learn More I'm Interested in a Career in Corrections Looking for an exciting new career path? Let us help you find one with the Indiana Department of Correction. Learn More Rockville Correctional Facility Address Facility Physical Location Rockville Correctional Facility 811 W. 50 N. Rockville, IN 47872 Phone | (765) 569-3178 Send Mail to an Incarcerated Individual Offender Full Legal Name, DOC # Rockville Correctional Facility PO Box 460 Pheonix, MD 21131 Attorney-client privileged mail, or packages and parcels, should continue to go directly to the facility. Reminder – After July 31, 2026, any personal mail sent to the wrong location will be returned to sender. Review Mail Restrictions I Want To Locate an Incarcerated Individual Visit an Incarcerated Individual Send Money to an Incarcerated Individual Send Enhanced Commissary to an Incarcerated Individual Contact an Incarcerated Individual Obtain Records of an Incarcerated Individual Register for Victim Notification. Find a career with the Indiana Department of Correction Online Services View ICI's Product Catalog Shop ICI's Torch & Stars Apparel Store Law Enforcement Notification System Indiana SAVIN Sex and Violent Incarcerated Individual Registry More IN.gov Online Services IN.gov Subscriber Center Top FAQs Indiana Department of Correction Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Email Report Accessibility Issues Screen Reader - Speak