Sheriff – Aroostook County Maine Skip to content SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT PATROL DIVISION CIVIL SERVICE PROCESSING AROOSTOOK COUNTY JAIL POLICIES & PROCEDURES LAW ENFORCEMENT FAMILY SCHOLARSHIP SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT Aroostook County Sheriff’s Department 25 School St, Ste 216 Houlton, ME 04730 207-532-3471 Peter A. Johnson, Sheriff Shawn D. Gillen, Chief Deputy The Sheriff’s Office mission is to protect the lives and property of the people we serve, to reduce the incidence and fear of crime and to increase public safety for those living in and visiting Aroostook County; and to house inmates in a controlled environment that is safe, humane and cost-efficient. We commit to carrying out our mission with honor and integrity, and to retaining public confidence by conducting ourselves with the highest ethical standards. We have been faithfully serving our neighbors since 1839. At nearly 7,000 square miles, Aroostook County is the largest county east of the Mississippi River; larger than Connecticut and Rhode Island combined. We are a progressive law enforcement and corrections agency that is grounded in tradition, but focused on the future. PATROL DIVISION Patrol Division 201 – Chief Deputy Shawn D. Gillen 203 – Patrol Commander Lt. Isaac Ward Phone: 207-532-3471 Squad 1 Squad 2 210 – Sgt. William Janakis 220 – Sgt. Reid Clark 211 – Deputy Benjamin Wipperman 221 – Deputy Vacant 212 – Deputy Jacob True 222 – Deputy Vacant 213 – Deputy Travis Smith 223 – Deputy Shane Campbell 214 – Deputy Vacant 224 – Deputy Gary McGuire Squad 3 Squad 4 230 – Sgt. Ryan Johnston 240 – Sgt. Nathan Chisholm 231 – Deputy Vacant 241 – Deputy Vacant 232 – Deputy Timothy Fridinger 242 – Deputy Dustin Charette – K9 Handler 233 – Deputy Richard York 243 – Deputy Benjamin Boutilier 234 – Deputy Ethan Jacques 244 – Deputy Colt Bernhardt Detective Division 208- Det. Matthew Brown Interested in becoming an Aroostook County patrol Deputy? Visit our Employment Opportunities page for current openings. Completed Applications can be emailed, along with a cover letter and resume to Lt. Isaac Ward – [email protected] . CIVIL SERVICE PROCESSING Civil Service Processin g Primary Contact: Tracy Kala, Administrative Assistant Phone: 207-532-0701 Email: [email protected] Mailing Address: 25 School St, Ste 216, Houlton, ME 04730 In accordance with Maine Revised Statue, Title 14 Section 702, the Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office requires a retainer of $80 to attempt service. *** $80 per person or $80 per service *** • Please make all payments payable to: ACSO (Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office) • Accepted forms of payment include: Money order, cashier’s check, bank check. • Please make sure your information is on your payment. Civil papers can be printed from your local court’s website. The Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office does not have copies of any court forms. Submission Requirements • Is the address for the person(s) to be served in Aroostook County ? If NO , please submit your paperwork to the appropriate County. • Do you have ONE ORIGINAL document for each person to be served? • Do you have ONE COPY for each person to be served? • Is your paperwork COMPLETELY FILLED OUT , including addresses, date and court information? Download a copy of our CIVIL SERVICE CHECKLIST. Important disclaimers • Please be mindful that the role of the Aroostook County Sheriff’s office is to deliver your civil service documents. • The Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office cannot give legal advice or assist you in filling out your documents. • The Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office cannot advise you as to what is the best way to handle a situation. • By accepting your documents for civil service, the Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office is not expressing an opinion that the documents are filled out properly or legally sufficient for your purpose. The responsibility lies in the hands of the individual who has prepared the civil papers for service, not the Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office. AROOSTOOK COUNTY JAIL Aroostook County Jail 15 Broadway St Houlton, ME 04730 207-532-7317 Jail Administrator: Commander Craig Clossey Assistant Jail Administrator: Captain Larry Goff The Aroostook County Jail, located in Houlton, serves as the main correctional facility for the county. Operated by the Aroostook County Sheriff’s Office, it houses inmates awaiting trial or sentencing as well as those serving short-term sentences, generally under 24 months. As a medium-security facility, it ensures the secure detention of both male and female offenders charged with various offenses. The jail plays a crucial role in maintaining local law enforcement efforts by collaborating with agencies such as local police departments and Maine State Police. Established in 1859, Aroostook County Jail has a capacity of approximately 117 inmates, making it a relatively small facility. The jail handles over 1,500 inmates annually, balancing the needs of pretrial detainees and sentenced individuals. Its staff is dedicated to providing a secure and rehabilitative environment, aiming to ensure the well-being of both inmates and the broader community. RESIDENT SEARCH – AROOSTOOK COUNTY JAIL RESIDENT PORTAL Resident Communications Sending Money to Residents Visitation Guidelines & Hours Interested in becoming an Aroostook County corrections officer? Visit our Employment Opportunities page for current openings. Completed Applications can be emailed, along with a cover letter and resume to Terri Sennett, Administrative Assistant- [email protected] . POLICIES & PROCEDURES All Aroostook County Sheriff’s Department policies & procedures can be found HERE . If you require more information regarding this agency or its policies and procedures, please contact the Aroostook County Sheriffs Office – Law Enforcement Division at 207-532-0701. LAW ENFORCEMENT FAMILY SCHOLARSHIP Fales & Fales, P.A. is pleased to sponsor this new Scholarship to acknowledge law enforcement officers and their families. One university or law school student who is a family member of a law enforcement officer will be awarded a $1,000 financial aid Scholarship. The $1,000 scholarship will be awarded to one applicant who submits the required application, official transcript, and essay by our deadline. Additional information and a link to the application can be found at HERE . Search this website Skip to content