Sheriff's Office | Lafayette County WI Skip to main content Lafayette Manor Feasibility Study and Cost Analysis How May We Help You? Departments & Committees Type Event Date Toggle Menu Sheriff's Office IN THE EVENT OF AN EMERGENCY, ALWAYS DIAL 911 WELCOME FROM SHERIFF REG GILL ! It is my pleasure to welcome you to the Lafayette County Sheriff’s Office website. Our office, with dedicated officers , is committed to serving the citizens and visitors of Lafayette County with professionalism, compassion and integrity. If by chance you are unable to find the information you are looking for on our website, please feel free to contact the Sheriff’s office by phone.... where you will be greeted by a real live person, who will be happy to assist you. -Sheriff Gill OFFICE OVERVIEW To Protect with Courage, To Serve with Compassion. The Sheriff's Office provides a high level of service, and has a proud history of serving the people of Lafayette County. The Sheriff's Office covers 634 square miles and a population of just under 17,000 people within its jurisdiction, which includes 18 towns, 7 villages, and 3 cities. The agency operates the County Jail, along with the County's 911/Dispatch Center, and Emergency Management office. We work closely with the Cities of Cuba City, Darlington and Shullsburg, and Villages of Argyle, Belmont, Benton, Blanchardville and Hazel Green Police Departments, as well as state agencies including the State Patrol and Department of Natural Resources. We also work closely with over a dozen fire and EMS agencies within and outside Lafayette County! MISSION STATEMENT The primary mission of the Lafayette County Sheriff’s Office is to improve the quality of life in the County of Lafayette. This goal will only be accomplished through the cooperative effort of the Sheriff’s Office and the community. By working together we can maintain the peace, provide safety and security for our citizens, reduce the fear of crime and solve problems. To be successful in our mission requires the commitment of the Administration, every employee of this Office and the citizens of our County, all working together to maintain the Lafayette County Sheriff’s Office tradition as a trusted source of help. To accomplish this mission, the following values must be the basis for all of our actions and will help us “RISE” above the rest: Respect The Lafayette County Sheriff’s Office recognizes that its members are its greatest asset, and our actions shall reflect this belief. The members will respect the citizens and recognize their ethnic and cultural diversity. We will respect each other as professionals and fellow human beings. Integrity We believe in the principles embodied in the Constitution. We recognize the authority of federal, state and local laws. Honesty and truth must be the standards in all our interactions with the community and with our members. Service We will put the welfare of others before our own interests. We will do our job with caring and compassion. We will foster teamwork, both within our department and with other agencies. Excellence We will strive for personal and professional excellence, dedication to duty and the delivery of quality service to the public. We are part of a team dedicated to the safety and protection of our community. Our actions will reflect intelligence, sincere, efficient and courteous service. PROGRAMS AND SERVICES Click the icons below to link to related programs and services. -To Top- Supporting Documents Use of Force Policy 26.11 KB View PDF of Page Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Staff Reg Gill Elected Position: Sheriff (608) 776-4870 Email Troy Loeffelholz Chief Deputy/Undersheriff (608) 776-4870 Email Theresa Burgess Lieutenant/Emergency Management Director (608) 776-4870 Email Lisa Schultz Confidential Administrative Assistant (608) 776-4870 Email View All Listings Contact Information Phone Number 608-776-4870 Office Hours Open 24 hrs./day, seven days/week civilprocess [at] lafcoso.org ( Email Civil Process - Paper Service Requests ) records [at] lafcoso.org ( Email Records - Open Records Requests ) Address 138 W Catherine ST Darlington , WI 53530 626 Main Street, Darlington, WI 53530 Government Websites by CivicPlus®