Sheriff | Wise County, TX Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Sheriff Sheriff Contact Us Welcome to the Wise County Sheriff's Office. We seek to provide our citizens with information about criminal activity and offer avenues for reporting information or concerns to the Sheriff's Office. Included on our site are links associated with public safety and criminal justice topics. Please pay special attention to the programs designed to solicit citizen input. With information presented here you will be able to keep up with current events, court decisions, and other items that impact our county. Responsibilities The Sheriff's Office is the public safety division of county government. We are constitutionally charged conservators of the peace. It is our responsibility to provide service and protection to our citizens, to respond to emergencies, to investigate crimes, and set forth the factual investigative findings to our prosecutor's offices. Mission Our mission also includes: Recommending preventive security measures to help keep our citizens from being victimized Coordinating public safety activities in the county with other public safety agencies Maintaining a safe, secure, and cost efficient detention facility for those charged with criminal activity Our long-term mission is to educate the public and implement programs that will help to keep Wise County citizens safe and secure Goal Our goal is to protect and serve the people of Wise County with integrity, compassion, and dedication—working to ensure a safe, welcoming environment where citizens and visitors can thrive. Sincerely, Cary Mellema Wise County Sheriff Contact Us Sheriff Email the Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 200 Rook Ramsey Drive Decatur , TX 76234 200 Rook Ramsey Drive Decatur TX 76234 Directions Phone: 940-627-5971 Fax: 940-627-3797 Directory Notifications Commissioners Court Hotel Occupancy Tax Court Records Search Justice of the Peace, Precinct Number 1 Justice of the Peace, Precinct Number 2 Justice of the Peace, Precinct Number 3 Justice of the Peace, Precinct Number 4 Elections /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Accessibility Site Map Copyright Notices Employee Email /QuickLinks.aspx Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow