Welcome to the Woodford County Detention Center Woodford County Sheriff 859-873-3119 Web Site Woodford Co. Circuit Court 859-873-3711 Web Site KSP Post 12 502-227-2221 Web Site Federal Bureau of Investigation 502-263-6000 Web Site The Mission of the Woodford County Detention Center It is the mission of the Woodford County Detention Center to serve the citizens of Woodford County by providing a safe, secure and supportive correctional environment while protecting the well-being of our community. To accomplish our Mission we will: Our top priority is the protection, safety and security of the community, citizens of Woodford County, staff and inmates. Provide quality food and rehabilitation for the inmates and lowering the cost to the tax payers of Woodford County by raising a garden. Promote the cleanliness and beautification by using inmates to clean up trash and debris on the roads of Woodford County. Build and enhance relationships with other law enforcement and community based agencies and organizations. Using local volunteers and agencies by instituting programs to assist in the rehabilitation of inmates. Respect the integrity and dignity of all individuals. Attract, develop, motivate and empower people who demonstrate professional competence, conduct and courage. Work release programs allow for open communications and partnerships with community and county agencies such as Parks and Recreation, the Woodford County Fair Association and the Recycling Center. Disclaimer Circumstances may change without notice due to changes in the law, emergencies, and rules of the Woodford County Detention Center. This website is intended to comply with the public information act and is provided to make information available to the public. This information should not be used in any manner to injure, harass, or commit a criminal act against any person or family member of a person named in the detention center. Any such action could subject you to criminal prosecution. All persons charged are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. If errors are noted in any inmate record the Woodford County Detention Center will make every attempt to verify and correct the error as soon as we are made aware of it. Woodford County Detention Center © 2014 204 Beasley Drive | Versailles, KY 40383 | 859-873-3196 Hosting provided by JailTracker | Photo Acknowledgement