Inmate Mail | Cumberland County, PA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Criminal Justice Prison Inmate Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Rules & Regulations: Incoming mail must have a return address. Incoming mail without a return address will be opened, checked for contraband and placed in the inmate's property box until the inmate is released from the facility. All incoming non-legal mail will be opened and inspected for contraband without the inmate being present and will be stamped with the date received. Any money orders received will be placed on the inmate's account and the inmate will be given a receipt. Legal mail will be opened by a staff member in the presence of the inmate, checked for contraband and signed for by the inmate. Legal mail can be from government officials, attorneys, court officials or certified mail. Outgoing mail is logged, and date stamped. Outgoing mail must have a return address including the inmate's name and facility address. All inmate mail may be inspected for contraband during a search. All inmate mail may be inspected and screened if probable cause of criminal activity exists. Correspondence will be censored if it appears evident that the material is a type which has or may cause violence or other disruption of the facility's security. All pornographic material is prohibited and is considered contraband. Pornographic material is defined as; any materials that show male or female genitals, pubic area, buttocks, or female breasts below the top of the nipple in less than a fully opaque covering. Effective May 1, 2026, we will no longer accept Amazon packages for inmates. Personal Mail Mailing Address All personal mail such as letters, pictures and drawings must be addressed to: Cumberland County Prison PA Inmates Name, Inmate Identification Number P.O. Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 County of Cumberland, Pennsylvania 1 Courthouse Square Carlisle , PA 17013 Phone: 717.240.6100 Toll Free: 1.888.697.0371 Contact Us Bid Notifications Career Opportunities Notify Me® Press Releases Public Meetings & Minutes /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Website Feedback /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow