Inmate Mail Procedures | City of Alexandria, VA Skip to main content You're logged in with MyAlex | Logout Inmate Mail Procedures Page updated on May 13, 2025 at 10:17 AM Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Home Page About the Sheriff's Office Sheriff Sean Casey Sheriff's Office Overview Sheriff's Office Mission and Values History of the Sheriff's Office ADA Information Become a Deputy Sheriff Community and Safety Programs Away from Home Check Child ID Kits Elementary School Liaison Program Gun Locks and Medication Lock Boxes Photo ID Cards for Kids Project Lifesaver Sheriff's Community Academy Depositing Funds to Inmate Accounts Frequently Asked Questions Inmate Resources and Helpful Information How to Deposit Funds to Inmate Accounts Information for Attorneys Inmate Mail Procedures Inmate Visitation for Family and Friends Inmate Programs Inmate Work Detail Library Services Prison Rape Elimination Act and Reporting Sexual Abuse News Releases Share Language English / English Spanish / Español Amharic / አማርኛ Arabic / عربى Chinese / 中文 French / Français German / Deutsch Italian / Italiano Japanese / 日本/トルコ Korean / 한국어 Pashto / پښتو Persian / فارسی Russian / Перевести Turkish / Türk X WARNING: You have chosen to translate this page using an automated translation system. This translation has not been reviewed by the City of Alexandria and may contain errors. Personal Mail To enhance the safety of inmates and staff, the Alexandria Sheriff’s Office uses MailGuard® from Smart Communications. This allows inmates to receive personal postal mail through a safe and secure electronic mail service. Personal mail for inmates is no longer be accepted at the Alexandria Adult Detention Center. Any mail that is received here will be returned to the sender. To send personal correspondence to an inmate, postal mail must be sent to: Smart Communications/Alexandria Detention Center Inmate Name #Inmate Number P.O. Box 9200 Seminole, FL 33775-9200 The inmate’s name and booking ID number must be clearly printed on the envelope or postcard, for example: Adam Smith #123456 You may look up the ID number at www.SmartInmate.com . The sender’s first and last name and a return address must also be visible on envelope. Personal mail to inmates may include letters, greeting cards, postcards and photos. This mail will be scanned into the system and available for inmates to view from tablets or kiosks. After release, returned citizens will be able to access their account and download their mail and photos. Legal Mail Legal mail , including court documents, may continue to be sent directly to the facility at: Alexandria Adult Detention Center Inmate Name 2001 Mill Road Alexandria, VA 22314 Read more about the handling of legal mail. Legal Mail Other Mail In addition to legal mail, our facility will continue to accept the following types of mail: • Correspondence from court • Newspapers • Money orders/cashiers check for deposit into inmate accounts Note: Money orders for inmate accounts should be made payable to the inmate and include the sender's name and return address on the envelope. They should be mailed to: Alexandria Sheriff's Office Attn: Inmate Accounts 2003 Mill Road Alexandria, Virginia 22314 Hold on, redirecting...