Page County Sheriff's Office | Citizens First Mobile Menu Complete Site Menu for Mobile Devices. Anything highlighted in blue is a link you can tap. HOME About Us Mission Statement Meet the Sheriff Meet the Chief Deputy Performance — Accreditation — Grant Information — Agency Statistics History PCSO Foundation Divisions Administration Page County Jail — Overview — Work Detail & Release — Home Electronic Monitoring — Medical Information — Delayed Reporting anf Visitation Patrol Civil Process Criminal — Overview — Narcotics Animal Control Canine Community Services Resource Guide Files of Life/Gun Locks Identity Theft Protection Inhalant Abuse Info Property Checks & Security Assessments School Resource Officer TRIAD Programs Summer Camp Strength in Peers PACA Choices Cell Phones for Seniors Project Lifesaver Neighborhood Watch Emergency Operations Emergency Operations Submit a Form Submit a Form In Recognition Memorial Page K9 Memorial Page Forensic Acadamy Graduates Events Current Events Click HERE for the Body Worn Camera Policy PROPERTY CHECK EVICTION NOTICE CONTACT / FEEDBACK REQUEST OFFICER JOIN OUR TEAM RESOURCE GUIDE SERVING THE COMMUNITY ​Welcome to the Page County Sheriff’s Office website! Sheriff Chad W. Cubbage has proudly served as Sheriff of Page County since January 2016. Under his leadership, the Page County Sheriff’s Office has developed into an innovative law enforcement agency with the latest technology, education and training. The office is constantly modernizing to stay up to date with the latest developments in law enforcement. Sheriff Chad Cubbage continues his movement on “Citizens First” by implementing cost-effective programs beneficial to citizens; also, to identify what works and what doesn’t, to continually improve local law enforcement, criminal justice, and public safety. The Page County Sheriff’s Office is comprised of dedicated individuals sharing the vision of the Sheriff, and who perform as a team to accomplish set goals and objectives. We are a community policing agency and are very pro-active, offering various community based programs. We invite you to explore our website to learn more about how we serve Page County, and how you can help us to serve you even better. Off Duty Management is Live! Vendors can hire Law Enforcement for their events that require Law Enforcement presence. For details, click HERE .