Office of the Sheriff | St. Croix County, WI Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Safety and Justice Sheriff's Office Office of the Sheriff Welcome From Sheriff Scott Knudson Thank you for your interest in the St. Croix County Sheriff’s Office. I am proud of the men and women who work here and I am confident that you will find them to be experienced, professional and courteous. The Sheriff’s Office is committed to keeping the community safe and to preserving the quality of life that our citizens have come to know and expect. Within this website you will find information about our agency and the programs and services that we provide. If you have any questions about the sheriff’s office that are not answered here, or if you have a need for any further information on the services we provide, please feel free to contact us. Our Mission The mission of the St. Croix County Sheriff’s Office is to enhance the quality of life in St. Croix County by working collaboratively with our public safety partners and community members to honorably safeguard the lives, property and constitutional rights of the citizens we serve. This is accomplished by providing quality emergency communications service to the public and emergency service providers; enforcing the law with integrity and fairness; supporting local governments in preparedness, response and recovery efforts; and providing for a safe environment for residents and visitors. St. Croix County Sheriff's Office Facebook Donate Now - St. Croix Sheriff's Office K9 Fund St. Croix County Sheriff's Mounted Posse Facebook Portable Audio Video Recorder Policy (PDF) WI Crime Alert Network Fingerprinting Use of force policy Click here for Accident Reports /QuickLinks.aspx Our Organizational Chart Contact Us Scott Knudson Sheriff Email Sheriff Scott Knudson Brent Standaert Chief Deputy Email Chief Deputy Brent Standaert Sheriff's Office Physical Address 1101 Carmichael Rd Suite G100 Hudson , WI 54016 Phone: 715-381-4320 Fax: 715-386-4606 Emergency Phone: 911 Non-Emergency: 715-386-4701 dispatch Hours Monday - Friday 8 am until 4:30 pm Closed Holidays TIP Line Email the TIP Line St. Croix County Government Center 1101 Carmichael Road Hudson, WI 54016 Phone: 715-386-4600 Official St. Croix County Directory Staff Directory Property Information Maps and GIS Employment / Job Opportunities Bids and Proposals (RFPs) Employee Access /QuickLinks.aspx About Us Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy & Legal Notices Media Kit /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow