Sheriff's Office | Wadena County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff's Office Services provided by the Wadena County Sheriff's Office include: 911 emergency telephone system Dispatch communication center for all emergency services Criminal Investigation Unit Patrol Division for law enforcement Boat and water, ATV, and snowmobile patrol K-9 Unit to help search for missing persons, drugs and locate suspects at crime scenes Civil Process Courtroom Bailiff Association with the West Central Drug Task Force Emergency manager Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) Sheriff Michael D. Carr is a native of Minnesota who was born in Staples and raised in Wadena. Sheriff Carr graduated from Wadena High School in 1990 and went on to Brainerd Community College where he received his Associate of Arts Degree. He is a graduate of Bemidji State University with a Bachelor's of Science Degree in Criminal Justice and received his Skills training at Hibbing Range Technical College. Sheriff Carr is a 2007 graduate of the Minnesota Sheriff’s School and a 2008 graduate of the 95th National Sheriff’s School. Sheriff Carr sat on the board of directors for the Minnesota Sheriff’s Association for 7 years and was President of the Minnesota Sheriff’s Association in 2017. The Sheriff began his law enforcement career as a part-time Water Patrol Deputy for Crow Wing County Sheriff’s Office. He has worked for the cities of Verndale, Sebeka, and Staples and started his full-time career by working for cities of Menahga, Baxter and Wadena. Sheriff Carr has over 30 years of law enforcement experience. He has attended numerous leadership development schools over his years of service and has specialized in the areas of Child and Adult Protection, Narcotics, Field Training Officer, SWAT, and SWAT Team Leader. Sheriff Carr is a member of the Minnesota Sheriff's Association, National Sheriff's Association, and Retired member (21 years) Verndale Fire/Rescue Department, Wadena Elks Lodge, Champs Coalition, Wadena Rotary, Knob Hill Sportsman Club, Stocking Lake Booster Club and Verndale Alliance Church. Message From the Sheriff The Wadena County Sheriff's Office currently has over 40 full-time and part-time employees within the Office. It is the responsibility of the Sheriff's Office to preserve peace and order within Wadena County. As the highest-ranking law enforcement official in the county, the Sheriff ensures that each and every member of his office upholds strict standards and training in order to accomplish this. The members of the Wadena County Sheriff's Office are eager to assist the citizens of Wadena County. Our goal is to make any contact you may have with our Office pleasant and comfortable. We have wonderful employees who have "taken ownership" of their local policing responsibilities and have built a solid foundation of community-oriented police service. I hope you find the answers to your questions as you explore our web page. We do take great pride in our ability to provide the highest level of service we can. If you cannot find what you are looking for, please give us a call and we will do our very best to help you. DNR State ATV 2025 Sandbag Vendors (PDF) Wadena Community Storm Shelter (PDF) DNR State Snowmobile Web Page 2025.pdf DNR State Boat & Water Web Page 2024.pdf Wadena County Sheriff’s Office Personnel Complaints Sheriff Michael D. Carr Wadena County Sheriff Email 415 S Jefferson Street Wadena, MN 56482 Phone: 218-631-7600 Fax: 218-631-7699 Emergency: 911 Staff Directory Wadena County Fee Schedule Minnesota Department of Natural Resources Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Minnesota State Patrol Minnesota Attorney General National Center for Missing and Exploited Children National Capital Poison Center Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension (BCA) Minnesota Crime Prevention Association (MCPA) Driver and Vehicle Services Victim Information and Notification Everyday (VINELink) Addiction and Substance Abuse Information Policy Analysis Division Crime Stoppers of Minnesota McGruff View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Online Employment Passport Information Wadena County 415 Jefferson Street Wadena, MN 56482 Phone: 218-631-7650 Email Complaint Policy Submit Complaint Form City of Menahga City of Staples City of Verndale City of Wadena City of Sebeka Cass County Hubbard County Otter Tail County Todd County Employee Resources /QuickLinks.aspx Contact Us Hours and Directions PLSS Corner Viewer Wadena County Employee Interactive Map GIS Fee Schedule Homelessness Prevention Referral Form Human Services Fee Schedule Zoning Fee Schedule Web Soil Survey Wadena County Newsletters /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow