Sheriff - Huerfano County Government Stage 1 Fire Restrictions in Effect Skip to content Menu Huerfano County Colorado Mission, Vision, and Values Make a payment Renew plates County Maps Newsletter County Job Openings Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Open Search Window Home Sheriff Sheriff Bruce Newman, Sheriff About Us It is the mission of the Huerfano County Sheriff’s Office to provide professional, high quality and effective law enforcement, correctional and court security services in partnership with the community. We strive to serve all people within our jurisdiction with respect, fairness and compassion. We are committed to the protection of life and property; the preservation of peace, order and safety; the vigorous enforcement of Local, State and Federal Laws; and the defense of the Constitution of the State of Colorado and the Constitution of the United States of America in a fair and impartial manner. The Huerfano County Sheriff’s Office is committed to improving and enhancing the quality of life and ensuring that Huerfano County is a safe place to live, work and visit by nurturing public trust, fostering community partnership in crime prevention, and by holding ourselves to the highest standards of performance and ethics. Important Links Sex Offender Information Concealed Carry Permit Info Concealed Carry Permit Application Concealed Carry Class Information Contact Us: Huerfano County Sheriff’s Office 500 South Albert Street Walsenburg, CO 81089 EMERGENCY: 911 Non-Emergency: (719) 738-1044 Office: (719) 738-1600 Jail: (719) 738-1740 Patrol The Patrol Division is the largest and most visible section of the Huerfano County Sheriff’s Office. The division provides around the clock coverage to our residents, visitors and businesses.The Deputies assigned to the division are divided into two shifts which are twelve hours each in duration.The patrol division is tasked with providing the initial response to calls for service and the visible presence of the police. Those initial calls for service include a myriad of areas, from providing information, to documenting motor vehicle crashes, to investigating criminal acts. Deputies assigned to patrol are required to handle a wide variety of calls, frequently on very short notice. K-9 Corporal Klipfel and K9 Apollo Corporal Jenkins and K9 Hex Corporal Bernal and K9 Io SRO ??? Accordion Content Victim's Advocate Accordion Content Sex Offender Registry Accordion Content File an Online Report Accordion Content Request a Report Accordion Content Concealed Carry Permit Accordion Content Comments are closed. Search for: Search Translate Mission, Vision, and Values Make a payment Renew plates County Maps Newsletter County Job Openings Huerfano County 401 Main Street, Walsenburg, CO 81089 Phone: (719) 738-3000 • Monday – Thursday, 7:30 am – 5:30 pm Search for: Search Subscribe for Updates Email Address * Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Open Search Window Where Legends Roam. Mission, Vision, and Values Make a payment Renew plates County Maps Newsletter County Job Openings Huerfano County Colorado Search for: Search Close Search Window ↑