Delta County Detention Facility | Delta County, CO - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Page Your County Departments Sheriff Detention Facility Delta County Detention Facility The Sheriff is responsible for the operation of the Delta County Detention Facility (Jail). The Detention Facility's annual budget is over $1.5 million. This includes: salaries of 18 Detention Deputies, three Court Security Deputies, three culinary staff, medical services, food, and operating cost for two facilities. Bond Information A bond is set according to a Judge, or Court ordered warrant. The purpose of the bond is to assure an individual’s appearance in court. The amount of the bond is what it will take to release an individual from jail. See Bond Definitions for more information. To find out what type of bond is required for a particular individual, call the Jail at 970-874-2021 To file a complaint pertaining to this issue, please contact the Delta County Sheriff’s Office at 970-874-2000 PLEASE BE AWARE THAT PAYMENTS WILL TAKE UP TO TWO BUSINESS DAYS TO POST TO THE ACCOUNT. INMATES WILL NOT BE RELEASED UNTIL FUNDS ARE CONFIRMED POSTED TO ACCOUNT. Bond Payments To make a credit card payment for an inmate at the Delta County Detention Center, you will need to call 970-874-2021 for the following information: Inmates Full Name Inmates Name Number Booking Number Date of Birth Case Number The Delta County Sheriff’s Office charges a $20.00 booking fee in addition to a $10 Bond fee for each individual bond. In accordance with Colorado House Bill 21-1280 , an inmate, family member, or friend can pay bonds two different ways: At the jail in person with cash, money order, cashier’s check or credit card. Personal checks are not accepted. (Check or money order must be made out to “Delta County Sheriff’s Office.”) Online payment via credit card by selecting the “Pay Now” button below, or scan the presented QR code with your phone for payment. Related Links Bond Definitions Legal rights related to posting money bond (Colorado House Bill 21-1280) Certificate of Compliance Visiting Hours Visitors during COVID can schedule video calls through Securus Video Connect . Special visits at other times must be approved in advance by a Sergeant or the Detention Administrator. Attorney and clergy visits are approved for any time with appropriate identification. Bible studies, AA and Mental Health groups are held regularly as part of the self-help courses offered. Detainees may receive money that can be used to pay their co-pay for medical treatment, booking and bonding fees, and commissary items. To add money to an inmate's account, go to SMARTDEPOSIT.com , call 1-866-394-0490, or the kiosk at the Sheriff’s Office. You can also send money orders through the U.S. Postal Service. Inmate Mail All incoming mail will be scanned and given to inmates electronically. Please make sure when writing letters that you only write on one side of the paper for purposes of scanning items. We will also scan all photos that come in. Please DO NOT SEND any INAPPROPRIATE photos as they will not be scanned. Please refrain from sending anything that we may have issues scanning. Fingerprinting Finger Printing for Concealed Carry Permits, Suppressor Permits, and Court-ordered prints will be done at the Courthouse at 501 Palmer Street, 3rd floor, Monday through Friday from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. Delays may occur depending on court proceedings. You must first come to the Sheriff’s Office to pay for your Concealed Carry and Suppressor prints, then go to the Courthouse to be printed. For Court-ordered prints, you can go directly to the Courthouse for prints--just make sure you bring a valid photo ID. If you have questions regarding fingerprinting, please call 970-874-2021. The Mission It is our mission as professional Detention Deputies to provide a safe, secure, humane facility for inmates, detention deputies, and the community. The dedicated Delta County Detention Deputies are entrusted with the care and safekeeping of all detainees waiting for the outcome of their cases or those finishing their sentences. TAC Program The Delta County Sheriff's Office is a member of the Transports Across Colorado (TAC). TAC enables the Department to transport detainees to and from our facility at a lower cost to the taxpayers, rather than having to do all our own transports. This program has been very beneficial in promoting team work with departments across Colorado. The TAC program, the North-West Transport program, and the cooperative efforts of transport teams on the Western Slope have saved thousands of dollars. Contact Us Physical Address 555 Palmer Street Delta , CO 81416 Mailing Address P.O. Box 172 Delta , CO 81416 Phone: 970-874-2021 Fax: 970-874-2027 Visiting Times Visits to be scheduled through Securus Meetings & Agendas Records Search Virtual Meeting Links Municipalities Sheriff County Government Observed Holidays Delta County Notifications Public Notices Job Opportunities Media Contact /QuickLinks.aspx Contact Us Volunteer Boards Accessibility Copyright Notices Site Map /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow