Sheriff's Office Departments 911 Communications Text My Gov Auditor Budget and Finances Election Information Buildings and Grounds Public Safety Building Advisory Committee Facility Rentals (4-H Bldgs & Grounds) Community Health / WIC Office County Commission Meetings and Agendas Minutes Public Notices Equalization Applications, Forms, and Resources Emergency Management Emergency Responder Agencies Open Burning Lake County REACT LEPC Lake County Dive Team Extension Office Lake County 4-H Highway Department Notices / Bid Postings Weed and Pest Board Planning and Zoning Applications, Forms, and Resources Planning Commission Board of Adjustment Register Of Deeds Fee Schedule Marriage License Requirements Vital Records Request Compliance Standards for Recording of Documents Procedures for E-Recording Sheriff's Office Jail Information Foreclosures & Sheriff's Sales Pistol Permits Fingerprinting State's Attorney Treasurer Veteran Services DAV Transportation Military Records Welfare Applications, Forms, and Resources Community Resources Conservation District Calendar Lake County Sheriff's Office Foreclosures & Sheriff's Sales Pistol Permits Jail Information The Lake County Sheriff's Office provides law enforcement services to the communities of Chester, Wentworth, Rutland, Nunda, Ramona, Junius, Winfred, and Brant Lake, as well as the rural areas of the county. Duties consist of law enforcement patrol, investigations, and the serving of civil processes for the court as well as maintaining a jail facility. PUBLIC RECORDS REQUESTS Requests for records relating to the business of the Sheriff's Office that are deemed public by South Dakota law must be formally made by letter sent via U.S. Mail to the address below. Pursuant to SDCL 1-27-37, Lake County treats requests by telephone or email to be informal. Lake County only accepts formal requests for records. Lake County Sheriff 200 E. Center St. Madison, SD 57042 Requests for public records for all other county business should be directed to the County Auditor. Requests for records relating to filed court cases, both criminal and civil, should be directed to the Lake County Clerk of Courts. Staff Sarina Talich Sheriff Send an Email Adam Aus Patrol Sergeant Send an Email Stephanie Ryan Office Manager Send an Email Contact Information Main Office Address: Lake County Sheriff 200 E Center St Madison SD 57042 EMERGENCIES - 9-1-1 *Crime Stopper Tips - * Phone: 605-256-7615 Fax: 605-256-7617 Jail Phone: 605-256-5044 Business Office Hours: 8:00 am – 5:00 pm Monday – Friday (excluding Holidays) Announcements Absentee Voting has started for the Republican Party Runoff Election Friday, June 12, 2026 Open June 12th- July 27th at 5:00PM. Voting hours are from 8-5pm Monday through Friday at the Lake County Courthouse, 1st floor. Republican Runoff Election will be held July 28th 2026! Friday, June 12, 2026 Election hours will be 7am - 7pm at voters respective precincts. Last day to change registration for Republican Runoff is July 13th, 2026. For a copy of the sample ballot please click here . June - License Plate Renewal K/L Monday, June 1, 2026 Vehicle License plate renewal for vehicle owners with the FIRST letter in their LAST NAME that begins with K or L. Drivers Exam closed Monday, February 23, 2026 Due to staffing, the drivers exam, located at the 4-H grounds, is closed until further notice Terms and Conditions Lake County © 2026. Developed by Intuvio Solutions . Stay Connected: