Archuleta County Sheriffs Office – Archuleta County Sheriffs Office Pay Ticket or Services Weekly Intakes Emergency Notifications Records Sex Offender Registration Report a Barking Dog Sheriff’s Office Mission Statement MISSION The mission of the Archuleta County Sheriff’s Office is to protect and serve the citizens of our county through innovative hard work and community partnerships. VISION To provide the highest quality of public safety by basing our personal and professional conduct on sound character, honesty, respect and setting an example for the community in which we serve. Core Values HONESTY We are truthful in our words and actions. INTEGRITY As people of character and principle, we do what is right, even when no one is looking. LOYALTY We are loyal to our office and our profession and committed to protecting the quality of life in the community we serve. TRUST We are truthful in our words and actions. RESPECT As people of character and principle, we do what is right, even when no one is looking. FAIRNESS We are loyal to our office and our profession and committed to protecting the quality of life in the community we serve. DIVERSITY We embrace the strengths in the diversity of our employees and our community. Sheriff’s Office News & Announcements Stay up to date with Archuleta County Sheriff Office Request for Assistance with a Research Study with Colorado’s D/HH Community June 17, 2026 University of Colorado Boulder is conducting a research study to document the health impacts of the October 2025 floods in Southwest Colorado on the Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing (D/HH) community. The study involves online (Zoom) interviews with D/HH individuals. Read more YOU’RE INVITED to an Open House for the Archuleta-Pagosa Springs HOUSING ACTION PLAN June 9, 2026 The Housing Action Plan is moving forward and building on the recent Housing Needs Assessment by developing goals, strategies, and actions for the County and the Town. We want to hear from you ab out priorities for housing action and what can make the biggest impact for the community. Your input will help shape the […] Read more Applications Open for the 2026 4th of July Parade May 14, 2026 We are accepting applications for the 2026 Fourth of July Parade. Read more