Sheriff Of Carbon County - Home Home About About The Sheriff Sheriff History Services Civil Process Court / Entry Security License To Carry Firearms License To Sell Firearms Precious Metals License Prisoner Transport Protection From Abuse Real Estate Sales Retired Law Enforcement Other Services Warrants Contact News Municipalities Albrightsville Beaver Meadows Bowmanstown East Side Jim Thorpe Lansford Lehighton Nesquehoning Palmerton Parryville Tresckow Summit Hill Weatherly Weissport Recognition Most Wanted Top 10 Submit a Tip Wanted In Your Area? Out of County Out of State Apprehended Careers Welcome to the Carbon County Pennsylvania Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Carbon County Pennsylvania Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Carbon County Pennsylvania Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Carbon County Pennsylvania Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Carbon County Pennsylvania Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Carbon County Pennsylvania Sheriff's Office Contact Us Links Apply For Your License to Carry Firearms Online All applicants must be 21 years of age and payments will be made with a credit/debit card. You will receive email, text and voice mail messages regarding the status of your application. Once approved you will be contacted by the Sheriff’s Office to schedule an appointment. You must bring your current form of ID you submitted with the application as well as your expired LTCF if you are applying for a renewal. All applicants MUST upload/attach a photo of current government issued ID as listed in option 1. Validated parking options are available. Apply Here Sheriff Daniel G. Zeigler's Biography Daniel G. Zeigler is the Sheriff Of Carbon County PA with a 24-year career in the Criminal Justice field, with a focus on Law Enforcement in the last 9 years. He was hired by the Carbon County Pennsylvania Sheriff's Office in August of 2020 as the first-ever Captain and three months later was promoted to Chief Deputy. He was then appointed to the position of Sheriff in January 2022. In each of these positions, he was in charge of the Sheriff's Office's daily operations and overall functioning. Sheriff Zeigler continues to focus on improving safety, efficiency, and effectiveness in the Sheriff's Office and engaging with communities throughout the county. As a collaborative leader, Sheriff Zeigler continues to work with all county departments, elected officials, and local, state, and federal law enforcement agencies to make our county safer for our children. Read More Badge Gallery 1/2 Carbon County Sheriff's Office 4 Broadway, Jim Thorpe, PA 18229 Phone (570) 325-2821 Fax: (570) 325-7860 E-Mail: sheriffoffice@carboncounty.net Mail P.O. Box 147 Jim Thorpe, PA 18229 Office Hours 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Weekdays Get directions Frequently Asked Questions Please reach us at sheriffoffice@carboncounty.net if you cannot find an answer to your question. How do I get in contact with the sheriff? If this is an urgent matter, immediately call 911 for assistance. How do I call in a tip? If you have any information related to outstanding bench warrants, call in a tip to (570) 325-2821 Copyright © 2026 Sheriff Of Carbon County - All Rights Reserved. Powered by Home Sheriff History This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Decline Accept