Belmont County Sheriff’s Office - James G. Zusack Belmont County Sheriff’s Office James G. Zusack Belmont County Sheriff jzusack @belmontsheriffohio.gov Meet Sheriff Zusack For Emergencies, dial 911. For Non-Emergecies, dial 740-695-7933 . The Belmont County Sheriff's Office is located at: 68137 Hammond Road St. Clairsville, Ohio 43950 We are 15 miles west of Wheeling, West Virginia and 125 Miles East of Columbus, Ohio, on Interstate 70 at Exit 213. Contact Us Staff Directory and Contact Information Report a Crime Report Non-Violent Low Level Crimes Public Records Request Copies of Reports Sheriff Sales Sale Dates and Bidding Procedures Concealed Carry Permit Permit Requirements and Scheduling Belmont County Jail General Information and Jail Roster eSORN Electronic Sex Offender Registration & Notification EEO Policy Statement The Belmont County Sheriff's Office provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The Belmont County Sheriff’s Office complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. The Belmont County Sheriff's Office expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of The Belmont County Sheriff Office employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.