Inmate Mail & Property | Sarpy County, NE Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments A through H Department of Corrections Inmate Mail & Property Inmate Mail & Property Mail Mail may be sent to inmates at: (Inmate's Name) Sarpy County Correctional Center 1206 Golden Gate Drive Papillion, NE 68046 Pre-stamped envelopes are available for inmate's to purchase through commissary. Postage for mailing bulky items is charged to the inmate's account. Indigent inmates are provided writing material and postage at no charge. Photographs Inmates are not allowed to receive personal photographs. Photographs received will be placed in the inmate's property. Mail Review All incoming mail is subject for review. Legal mail is searched in the presence of the inmate during delivery. Mail containing any of the following will be rejected and returned to sender or placed in the inmate's property and returned to him/her upon release: The inmate's name is not clear and legible or there is no name There are multiple inmates with the same name (date of birth or middle initial should be added) Content showing or depicting: Criminal activities Derogatory, defamatory or obscene material Gang related activities Nudity Sexual acts Personal photographs Laminated/plastic items (e.g. photos, cards, etc.) Excessive amounts of photocopies or printed material Any of the following: Adhesives (such as tape) Bodily fluids Crayon Glitter pens Glitter Glued items Lipstick Stickers Whiteout Bubble wrap or padded envelopes Musical greeting cards or jumbo greeting cards 3rd party mail Perfume or cologne Unknown substances Books or magazines: soft cover books and magazines will only be received if sent directly from the publisher Clothing, shoes Toiletries Contact Us Department of Corrections Physical Address View Map 1206 Golden Gate Drive Papillion , NE 68046 1206 Golden Gate Drive Papillion NE 68046 Directions Phone: 402-949-3876 Hours • Booking is open 24 hours a day • Jail reception: 8 a.m.-4:45 p.m. Monday-Friday Directory Work for Sarpy Apply to join a dedicated team with great benefits. Submit a Payment Pay child support, court fines, traffic tickets and taxes. Valuation Protest The property valuation protest period runs June 1-30. Sarpy County Courthouse Campus 1210 Golden Gate Drive Papillion, NE 68046 402-593-2100 Sarpy County 1102 Building 1102 E. 1st Street Papillion, NE 68046 Marriage Licenses Sheriff's Office Court Calendars Resident Resources /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Copyright Notices Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow