Jail Facilities | Clallam County, WA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Jail Facilities Jail Facilities BECOME A CORRECTION DEPUTY!! Employment Opportunities About the Jail Facility View our Incarceration Process Video . The Clallam County Corrections Facility was built from 1978 to 1979 and opened in 1980. Originally designed to house 72 inmates with a special detention unit, the Jail now operates with a bed capacity of 120, and the special detention unit (SDU) has been remodeled to include a chain gang/inmate worker housing unit. In 2009 corrections processed over 3,000 bookings of inmates with crimes ranging from Minor in possession to Murder 1. Quick Numbers Access a list of inmate-related resources . Contacting Inmate by Mail Mailing address: Inmate's Name 223 East 4th Street, Suite 20 Port Angeles, WA 98362 Don't forget to include a return address with your full name at the top of the first page of the letter. Mail Regulations All letters and correspondence for inmates must be sent through the United States Postal Service. Standard US postal first class, one-ounce letters only: 6 and a half inches by 11 and a half inches by one-quarter inch. Certified or Registered mail will not be delivered to or from the Post Office by jail staff. No incoming publications, packages, books, or magazines will be accepted unless pre-approved in writing by the Shift 2 Corrections Sergeant. No funds through mail Letters will only be accepted if written on standard white or yellow lined (school/legal) paper. A limit of 10 pages per letter. A limit of 4 photos per letter. Only black or blue ink. No colored paper or envelopes. No greeting cards. Sender's name and return address, and inmate name will be printed at the top of the first page of letters. Inmate is responsible for informing their correspondents regarding the rules governing inmate mail. All personal incoming mail is scanned and copied to plain white paper. The copied letter and/or photos are delivered to the inmate and the original letter is placed into the inmate's property until released from custody. Prohibited Items Mail will be returned to the sender if it contains any of the following: Polaroid type pictures. Pictures, writings, or drawings of nude, obscene, or sexually explicit material. Stamps, stationery, or envelopes. Magazines, newspapers, soft cover books, and similar items which are not sent directly from the publisher and pre-approved in writing by Corrections Sergeant. Hardbound books. Padded, musical, electronic, or laminated greeting cards. Non-paper material, including corrugated cardboard. Food or clothing items. Foreign/unidentifiable substances. Threats of physical harm against a person, blackmail, extortion, or any other criminal activity. Plans to escape, or depictions or descriptions of blueprints or operational details on an institution's security. Material that threatens or is detrimental to the security, safe operation, or discipline of the facility. Plans which indicate criminal activity or violation of jail rules. Correspondence that is in code. Gang-related material. Mail from another Penal Institution. Mail that violates a No Contact order, Protection Order, or any other court order prohibiting communication with an inmate. Contacting Inmate by Phone, Email, Text, and Video Visitation Clallam County Correction Facility offers phone, texting, email, and video visitation access to inmates in virtually every housing block. Inmates are encouraged to use these methods to contact friends, family, attorneys, as needed. All outgoing calls from jail are collect. Texting, email, and video visitation require a prepaid account. All the above methods can be accessed and funded through InmateSales.com Accepting an Incoming Call Your phone line must be able to accept collect calls via your phone company. Follow the instructions given by the operator. Collect calls will be billed to your account as stated. Blocking a Phone Number Call 360-417-2458 to block your phone number from jail inmate phone calls. Removing a Block from a Phone Number Come to the Clallam County Jail with a valid photo Identification (ID) and a recent phone bill with the phone number on it and your name as the primary. We will not remove blocks without ID and proof of ownership of the phone number. Prepaid Accounts and Technical Support CTEL provides inmate phone service to the Clallam County Correction Facility. To set up an account for prepaid numbers you can call 702-829-3001 or visit their website and click the ‘My Account’ button. Visitation Rules and Hours All visiting is through video visitation. To set up your account go to your account at InmateSales.com. Visits are limited to thirty minutes at a time and no more than sixty minutes per day. Visitors must be dressed in clothing appropriate for a public venue. The following is considered provocative or inappropriate for all video visiting: Tube tops Tank tops Halter tops Mini-skirts Shorts and skirts that are higher than three inches above the knee cap Transparent clothing Shirts cut off at the waist Anything low cut, overly tight, or revealing The decision to visit based on attire will be at the discretion of the Correction staff. Failing to follow this dress code will result in suspension or denial of future visitation. Visitors will need to provide a new photo and copy of ID online for approval. Inmates sentenced to ten days or less are not allowed visitors. Visitors must be eighteen years or older and provide current valid governmental photo identification to enter or visitors under eighteen years of age must provide birth certificates or proof of age and must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian who is on the inmate's pre-approved list. Visitors are allowed one free on-site visit per week. Visitors must be pre-approved and have a scheduled slot for visiting prior to arriving at the jail. Remote visiting is available on your personal computer or mobile device at an additional cost. For more information go to Inmatesales.com Onsite Kiosk Visitation Schedule - Clallam County Jail First Letter of Last Name Day(s) Time(s) A to K Saturday 8 am to 11 am and 1 pm to 3 pm L to Z Sunday 8 am to 11 am and 1 pm to 3 pm Remote Visitation Schedule - Clallam County Jail Day(s) Time(s) All Inmates Monday to Friday 10 am to 1 pm All Inmates Saturday to Sunday 4 pm to 10 pm In-Person Visitation Schedule - Clallam County Jail Day(s) Time(s) Males 1st Letter of Last Name A-J Saturday 9 am to 11 am Males 1st Letter of Last Name K-Z Sunday 9 am to 11 am Females Saturday 1:30 pm to 3:00 pm Kitchen Workers Saturday 8 pm to 9:30 pm Jail Roster Jail - Business Phone 360-417-2458 Directory Jail Records Mailing Address 223 E 4th Street Suite 12 Port Angeles , WA 98362 Phone 360-417-2360 Fax 360-417-2499 Jail - Visiting Phone 360-417-2438 Agendas & Minutes Public Records Public GIS Portal Employment Clallam County 223 East 4th Street Port Angeles, WA 98362 Phone: 360-417-2000 Bid Opportunities Camping County Jobs Courthouse Hours and Legal Holidays Elections Jail Roster Parcel / Address Search (Property Search) Permit Portal /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow