Presque Isle Sheriff's Office Rogers City, MI Jail Information Presque Isle Sheriff's Office Home Contact Us Driving Directions News Releases Calendar S.T.O.P.P.E.D. Sheriff's Office History Anonymous Tip Jail Information Records Gun Registration Staff Civil Process Job Openings CodeRED Home Contact Us Driving Directions News Releases Calendar S.T.O.P.P.E.D. Sheriff's Office History Anonymous Tip Jail Information Records Gun Registration Staff Civil Process Job Openings CodeRED Jail Division/Corrections Presque Isle County Jail is the the only jail located in the County of Presque Isle. The jail is located at 267 N 2nd St. Rogers City, Mi 49779. The facility was constructed in 1974 and now houses up to 24 inmates. The jail houses minimum to maximum security level inmates including those on work release sentenced up to one (1) year. Staffing consists of 4 full time and 2 part time Corrections Officers. Visiting Hours: Visiting is on Thursdays and Sundays of each week during the following hours: 9am thru 11:30am 1:00pm thru 4:30pm 5:30pm thru 7:30pm Visits are 30 minutes long with visitor only being allowed to see one inmate per day. How to make an appointment to visit: Appts will be taken by phone at 1-989-734-2156 or in person after midnight on the same day as the visit. If you make a visit and do not show up for the visit, you will have to make next visiting appt in person from that point on. Mail Mail will be accepted by U.S. Postal Service. This mail will be passed out at regular mail times daily. All mail is sorted, opened and inspected by Corrections staff thoroughly for contraband. Mail should be addressed as follows: Inmate's Name Presque Isle County Jail 267 N 2nd St. Rogers City, Mi 49779 To make Commissary Deposits 24 hours a day, 7 days a week https://jailatm.com or call 1-866-933-6386 You will need: 1. Your Credit or Debit Card 2. Jail location and name of facility 3. Inmates first and last name 4. Your billing address and credit card information There is a Lobby Kiosk that can accept cash or credit cards for deposit or inmate bond. *Our jail uses CIDNET so you and your inmate can talk with video visits, text messages and phone calls. To use these services, you must create an account and buy data. Your data balance will be consumed when you talk with the inmate. To create an account: 1.Go to customer.cidnet.net/ in your browser 2. Click on the register button 3. Type in your email, time zone and First & Last name 4. Click the create account button 6. Login to your email and open the Cidnet email. NOTE: Email may go into your junk or spam box 7. In the email, click the Complete your Verification Link. 8. Choose a Security PIN and a password. 9. Cclick the sign in button. This will allow you to set up account information needed to use the CIDNET services. Website powered by Network Solutions®