Inmate Information | City and County of Broomfield - Official Website Skip to Main Content Fire Restrictions Level 1 Fire Restrictions in Effect Read On... Broomfield is Under a Drought Watch Read On... Search Home Live Departments Police Broomfield Detention Center Inmate Information Inmate Information Inmates housed in the Broomfield Detention Center can be found with the information below. Phone accounts are available, and bonding information is also located below. To send physical mail to an inmate in the Broomfield Detention Center, please follow the rules at the bottom of this page. Inmates in Custody Click on the button below to find an inmate who is currently being housed at the Broomfield Detention Center along with a list of their charges, bond amount, and next court date and time. Additionally, inmate information can be obtained via the telephone automated voice attendant by calling 720-887-2000. Establishing Inmate Phone Accounts Friends and family can establish a phone account for inmate use by contacting Securus at 800-844-6591. Funding an inmate phone account this way does not allow outgoing calls to cellular phones. Additionally, the facility offers phone debit time for purchase with inmate funds. Family and friends can add funds that the inmate will purchase through the commissary ordering menu. With this option, inmates can call any number that is not blocked or restricted, including cell phones. Inmate Mail Only letter and legal size envelopes are accepted. The only items that can be sent with inmate letters are photographs printed on photographic paper (no Polaroid photographs). Photocopies of photographs or pictures are not acceptable. Inmates cannot have more than 10 photographs in their cells. The following is not allowed: Stamps Envelopes Stickers Material printed from the Internet Metallic gel pens or letters written with metallic gel pens Crayon, colored pencil, paint or watercolor pictures Glue Glitter Perfume/Cologne Cards with ribbons, glitter, gems or glue. Additionally, cards with the cover folded over and glued, or with paper glued to the inside are also not allowed and will be rejected Nudity When mail is rejected, the inmate will receive a written notice stating the reason(s) for the rejection. Filing a Complaint for Violations of the Above Provision To file a complaint for violations of this provision, call 303-438-6405 and request to be transferred to the Standards Sergeant, or visit Broomfield.org/PoliceFeedback . Broomfield Council Register For Recreation Activities Pay Your Bill One DesCombes Drive Broomfield, CO 80020 303-469-3301 Contact Departments Calendar Public Notices Emergency Preparedness /QuickLinks.aspx Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow