Cobb County Sheriff's Office - Adult Detention Center Skip to main content Home Divisions Adult Detention Center Uniform Field Operations Criminal Investigations Support Services Sections Background Checks Bad Checks Cadet Program Civil Service Communications Department Fentanyl Awareness Fieri Facias Information Find A Form Fingerprinting Identity Fraud Internal Affairs Open Record Requests Raffles Secondary Metals Recycler Sex Offenders Sheriff Sales Social Media Policy Victim Notification Organization Chart Inmates Adult Detention Center Bonding Information Most Wanted Adult Detention Center Programs About Us Meet the Sheriff Meet the Command Staff Meet the Executive Team History Cobb History Sheriff History Thomas Cobb Cobb Court House Jail History Careers Contact Us Contact Numbers Communications Department Open Records Request Cobb County Adult Detention Center Jail Information And Rules ATTENTION! Visitation resumed JANUARY 19, 2021 . To comply with CDC guidelines and Governor Kemp’s directive, several modifications have been implemented. Visits may be scheduled any day of the week EXCEPT Wednesday and will take place beginning at 9:00 AM until 7:00 PM. Each inmate is limited to ONE visit per week with a maximum of TWO visitors per visit. We ask that visitors remain in their vehicle until 5 minutes prior to the scheduled visit. Entry is through the front doors of the Visitation Center with the exit through the side door of the building. All visitors must wear a facemask during their time in the building. Please do not enter the facility if you have a temperature, have any symptoms related to COVID-19, have had close contact with anyone with a confirmed or suspected case of COVID-19 or if you have tested positive for COVID-19 Visitation staff will continue to provide an alcohol cleaning pad for each visitor. At the conclusion of each visitation session, staff will clean each station to include the telephone, counter and chair. Staff will also clean lobby seating frequently. We understand visiting with friends and loved ones in custody is important, and the modifications may be confusing or upsetting. Your safety, as well as the safety of inmates and staff, is a priority. All modifications are designed with this in mind. Thank you for your understanding. Visitation The Cobb County Sheriff’s Office uses video conferencing to conduct both public and professional visits. Visits are scheduled to allow for a more effective and streamlined process. Public Visitors PRIOR to scheduling a visit, each visitor must complete the registration process. You can expedite the process by: pre-register online at GTL Visit Me at any time. pre-register at the self-serve kiosk located at the Visitation Center at any time. To complete the registration process, you must present your valid government issued photo identification to Visitation Center staff during the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 10:00 P.M. Please arrive at least 15 minutes prior to your first visit to complete the registration process. All visitors, 18 years of age and older, will be photographed. Once registration is complete, a visit can be scheduled. You may also skip the online/kiosk pre-registration step and complete the registration process at the Visitation Center during the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 10:00 P.M. Visitors are NOT subjected to a security screening prior to an inmate visit, although all laws and rules are enforced. Parking is conveniently located adjacent to the Visitation Center. You may schedule a visit from 1 day in advance to 7 days in advance of the requested time. Once registration is complete, you may schedule your visit by: Online at GTL Visit Me / 24 hours a day / 7 days a week. Through the self-serve kiosk located at the Visitation Center 24 hours a day/7 days a week. Visitors are required to present a valid Government ID at the time of each visit. Photo copies WILL NOT be accepted. Visitation Center Rules Up to 4 visitors may be scheduled for 1 visit. Individuals 17 years of age and under shall be accompanied by an adult. Visitors 18 years of age and older must present a valid government issued photo identification prior to each visit. Visits are scheduled on the hour and are 30 minutes in duration. Late check in is allowed until 15 minutes past the hour; however, the visit will not be extended due to a late arrival. A visit will be forfeited if check in occurs more than 15 minutes after the scheduled visit. All visitors must be dressed appropriately and conservatively. Halter and/or tank tops, see-through clothing, bare-midriffs and spaghetti straps are not allowed. Shorts/skirts (no more than 2 inches above the knee) are acceptable. Shoes must be worn at all times. Food, drinks, cellular phones and other prohibited items are not allowed in the visitation area. The Adult Detention Center is a tobacco free facility. Professional Visitors Professional visits will occur without any constraints regarding frequency of visits. The audio and video recording of any professional visit within any area of the Detention Facility is strictly prohibited. Professional visitors may also schedule their visits in advance. Professional visitors are required to provide credentials as well as valid government issued photo identification. Prison Rape Elimination Act The Cobb County Sheriff’s Office has a zero-tolerance policy relating to all forms of sexual abuse, sexual assault, sexual misconduct or sexual harassment of persons in the custody of the Sheriff’s Office. This agency shall immediately respond to all allegations of sexual abuse, sexual assault, sexual misconduct, sexual contact or sexual harassment by ensuring that alleged victims are provided immediate medical care and that allegations are immediately and thoroughly investigated. Employees, volunteers, interns and contractors/ contracted staff shall comply with all aspects with the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (Title 28 CFR Part 115). (PREA 115.11(a)) 2025 PREA Annual Report 2024 PREA Annual Report 2023 PREA Annual Report 2023 PREA Audit Report Contact Numbers Main Switchboard (770) 499-4200 Inmate Mail Correspondence and/or money may be sent to an inmate at the below listed address: Personal/Other Mail Cobb County Sheriff's Office, Georgia Inmate's Name and SOID# PO Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Legal Mail/Books Only Cobb County Adult Detention Center Inmate's full name and SOID # PO Box 100110 Marietta, GA 30061 Note: No items other than greeting cards and photos (No Polaroid) are to be included in any correspondence mailed to individuals in custody! Correspondence deemed offensive, sexually explicit or any material that pose a risk to the security of the facility will be returned to sender. Funds should be deposited as described in Inmate Accounts. Books, magazines, and periodicals can only be ordered directly from the publisher or on-line distributor (i.e. Amazon, Barnes and Nobles, etc.). Hard bound books will not be accepted. Civilian clothing may be left at the judicial complex for an inmate for court, if a Judge orders the inmate be dressed. Telephone Calls Inmates may not receive incoming phone calls. Absent any administrative reasons or disciplinary restrictions, an inmate is free to place phone calls daily at select times. Inmates may place a collect phone call, provided the recipient has established an account through the agency’s service provider. Telephone service is provided by Global Tel Link, Inc and the current rate for a phone call is .12 cents per minute. The rates charged are regulated by the Federal Communication Commission (FCC) and approved by the Georgia Public Service Commission. To establish an account, or if you believe that your telephone bill contains an error, or if a block has been placed on your phone due to billing issues, call GTL Advance Pay at (800) 483-8314 or call GTL Billing Customer Service at 1-877-650-4249 . If you are receiving unwanted calls from an inmate, you may request a block on your number by calling the Inmate Telephone Coordinator at the facility at (770) 528-8975, Monday through Friday, from 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. If you believe that your telephone bill contains an error or if a block has been placed on your phone due to billing issues, call GTL Advance Pay at (800) 483-8314. If you are receiving unwanted calls from an inmate, you may request a block on your number by calling the Inmate Telephone Coordinator at the jail, Monday through Friday, during the hours of 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. The telephone number is (770) 528-8975. After normal business hours ask to speak with supervisor on duty at (770) 499-4200. Inmate Accounts-Deposits And Withdrawals Individuals booked into the Cobb County Adult Detention Center may have money deposited to an account established for each person to purchase personal and food items authorized by the agency. Depositing funds to an inmate’s account: Payments may be sent through the mail. US Postal Money Orders are accepted. We recommend that you not send cash through the US mail as this agency is not responsible for delivery. Cash only payments for deposit can be processed at the facility (in person) each day from 09:00 am to 07:00 pm. Deposits may be processed by telephone by calling 888-988-4768 (Service provided by Global Tel Link, Inc.). You may be asked to provide the agency’s Site ID – 153 and entering the inmate’s ID number. Deposits may be processed on-line, log on to www.ConnectNetwork.com . (Service provided by GTL). Funds (cash or credit cards) may be deposited at the facility into a kiosk located on-site (Service provided by GTL). Withdrawal of funds from an inmate’s account : Withdrawals of funds from an inmate’s account may be processed once each month upon the inmate’s consent. Recipients must arrive at the facility to pick up funds as authorized, on Wednesdays from 09:00 am to 7:00 pm at the Visitor's Center located at 1877 County Services Parkway, Marietta, GA 30008. Bond Information Contact Information Address Cobb County Sheriff’s Office 1825 County Services Parkway Marietta, GA 30008 Telephone Numbers: (770) 499-4221 — Jail Administration — Monday through Friday, 08:00 AM – 05:00 PM (770) 499-4200 — Bonding Information Main Switchboard (770) 499-4200 Custodial Information: You can search for individuals in custody to obtain criminal charges and bond amounts by selecting the link, Inmate Search or Inmate Information on the homepage. Inmate Search The Cobb County Sheriff’s Office is committed to giving the most professional, fair, and impartial law enforcement and detention operations possible while ensuring accountability, respect, and community-oriented partnership. Join Us Popular Forms Criminal Background Check Raffle License Application Bad Check Form Affidavit of Service Open Records Act Recent CCSO News 5th Annual Back-to-School Cobb Bash Cobb County Sheriff’s Office Celebrates Fatherhood and Personal Growth at the 3rd Annual “Live Nobly” Father’s Day Program Cobb County Sheriff’s Office Graduates 21 Deputies in Inaugural Training Academy Class CALEA invites feedback from individuals interested in the Cobb County Sheriff's Office's adherence to CALEA standards, involvement in the service community, provision of public safety services, and overall eligibility for accreditation via the Public Comment Portal that has been established below. These remarks may manifest as either commendations or concerns. The accreditation procedure is designed to furnish our agency with comprehensive data that promotes ongoing enhancement and encourages the endeavor for professional excellence. Accreditation Public Comment Portal © Copyright 2025 | Cobb County Sheriff’s Office. All Rights Reserved.