Seneca County Ohio Sheriff's Office Stay Connected: Facebook X Instagram Facebook X Instagram OFFICE : (419) 447-3456 DETECTIVE: : (567) 220-6311 Quick Links Contact Select Page Welcome to The Seneca County Sheriff’s Office State of Ohio Contact Us Search for: Our Mission “It is the mission of Seneca County Sheriff’s Office to provide professional law enforcement, dispatch, correctional, and court services for our community. Through these effort, we protect and preserve the peace with fairness and compassion.” Meet the Sheriff Fredrick W. Stevens Sheriff Fredrick W. Stevens is a 31 year resident of Seneca County, residing in the City of Tiffin. Fred graduated from DeVilbiss High School (Toledo) in 1985 and went straight into the U.S. Army to start his over three-decades in public service. Sheriff Stevens was elected Sheriff of Seneca County in November 2020. Member of: Buckeye State Sheriffs’ Association National Sheriffs’ Association National and Ohio chapter of the FBINAA Ohio Association of Chief’s of Police National Chief’s of Police Association International Chiefs of Police Association Meet the Sheriff Contact Sheriff Stevens Quick Links Sheriff's sales Corrections Concealed Carry law Sex Offenders Inmate Search Submit a Tip All Quick Links Mental Health & Addiction Services Prevention, Treatment and Recovery Support Services. The Seneca County Sheriff’s Office partner with Mental Health Board, for community services such as in-school counseling, community mental health and addiction education, crisis intervention team training for first responders, critical incident stress management teams, child support services in partnership with other local organizations, housing assistance for individuals with mental illness, and other support services. Go To the Website Download Our App Our agency has created this app as a means of improving communication with both resident and visitors. It is a free resource and we encourage you to download it today as part our public outreach efforts. You have Successfully Subscribed!