Sheriff's Office | Chemung County, NY Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Departments P - Y Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Welcome I would like to welcome you to the official website of the Chemung County Sheriff’s Office. As your Sheriff, I hope that you will find this website informative and educational about law enforcement on a county level. The County Sheriff is the primary law enforcement executive in each county of the State of New York. An elected official, he is accountable to every citizen in the county he represents. The Sheriff is the only elected law enforcement officer in the State of New York. The County Sheriff is the primary law enforcement executive in each county of the State of New York. An elected official is accountable to every citizen in the county he represents. The Sheriff is the only elected law enforcement officer in the State of New York. The Chemung County Sheriff’s Office is a full-service law enforcement agency with approximately 184 members and an annual budget of over $26,700,000.00. The Sheriff’s Office is comprised of five divisions: Community Services/Civil, Corrections, Criminal Investigation Division, Police Services and 911. The Sheriff’s Office also has a Corrections Emergency Response Team (CERT) and a Special Services Unit (SSU), a Community Resource Officer Program (CRO), a DWI Officer Program, a K-9 Program, as well as several other community-based programs that enhance the agency’s ability to adequately serve the citizens of Chemung County. As you navigate through our website, if you have any questions, concerns, or new ideas, please feel free to share them with me or my staff. Sheriff William Schrom Contact the Sheriff's Office Physical Address 203 William Street Elmira , NY 14901 Phone: 607-737-2987 Fax: 607-737-2930 Daily Activity Logs OffenderWatch - Sex Offender Registry View All /QuickLinks.aspx State of the County Tax Search Program County Employment Boards & Commissions Agendas & Minutes Administrative Offices Elected Officials Recreation & Attractions Law & Order Taxes & Finance /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Outlook WebAccess Web Clock Clockview Terms of Use Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow