Sheriff's Office | Curry County, NM Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Go Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Feedback Print With over 25 years of dedicated service to Curry County residents, Sheriff Brockett has built his career from the ground up—starting as a dispatcher for the Clovis Police Department before joining the Curry County Sheriff's Office and working his way up from patrol deputy to his current leadership position. A proud graduate of Clovis High School and Clovis Community College, Sheriff Brockett maintains deep roots in the community he serves. Outside of his professional duties, he dedicates his free time to Special Olympics as both a unified player and coach, and serves as the regional coordinator for Law Enforcement Torch Run. As a husband and father of three children Sheriff Brockett understands the importance of public safety and community values. His leadership philosophy centers on empowering deputies and support staff with excellent equipment and training, enabling them to provide outstanding public safety and customer service to the Curry County community. "I love my job because it allows me to make a difference in both our community and in supporting our deputies and support staff. My commitment is to ensure our team has the resources they need to effectively serve and protect." says Sheriff Brockett. Find out how you can join the team and make a difference in your community at currycountyjustice.org . Related Web Sites Wanted: Sex Offender Roger James Blumhorst Curry County Detention Center Inmate Inquiry Curry County Registered Sex Offenders New Mexico Courts Curry County Crime Stoppers Facebook Page New Mexico Attorney General's Office - Identity Theft New Mexico Attorney General's Office - Scams and Fraud Officer Down Memorial Page Curry County Sheriff Michael Brockett Email 700 North Main Street, Suite #4 Clovis, NM 88101 Phone: (575) 769-2335 Fax: (575) 763-4440 Undersheriff Wesley Waller Email Executive Assistant Leslie White Email Civil and Records Division sheriffrecords@currycountynm.gov Find us on Facebook.