Sheriff | Inyo County California Skip to main content Search Search Toggle navigation Government About Inyo County Mission, Vision, Goals History Demographics Organizational Chart Elected Officials Elections Board of Supervisors District Lookup Board Appointments Board Calendar Board Meetings District 1 District 2 District 3 District 4 District 5 Reports, Plans, And Publications Services & Information Redistricting Publications County Budget County Code County Ordinances Document Archive Grand Jury Financial Reports Meeting Agendas & Minutes Policies & MOUs Strategic Initiatives Commissions Inyo County Local Transportation Commission Children and Family Local Agency Formation Planning Water Resources Superior Court Of CA, County Of Inyo Other Government Links Special Districts Resources Other Agency Links Services Administration County Administrative Officer Board of Supervisors Departmental Overviews Bid Request / RFP County Budget & Analysis County Locations County Policies & MOUS Inyo County Film Commission Risk Management Staff Surplus Sales Landfill Acquisitions Agriculture Agricultural Commissioner Cannabis Mosquito Abatement Weed Observation Form Weights & Measures Staff Animal Services Adoptable Pets Applications Fees Licensing Your Animal Staff Assessor Request For Address Change Staff Auditor County Budget Payroll Property Tax Administration Staff Child Support Services Resource Links Clerk Recorder Births Marriages Deaths Fees Forms Fictitious Business Names Recorded Documents Restrictive Covenant Modifications Environmental Docs Inyo Disclosure Statements DD-214 Military Discharge Papers Grand Jury Reports Inyo County Holiday Schedule Staff Coroner County Counsel District Attorney Criminal Division Victim Witness Investigations Staff Elections Be an Election Worker Election Calendar Election Results FAQs News & Press Releases Register to Vote Voting Staff Emergency Services Environmental Health Fee Schedule Programs Staff Farm Advisor/UC Co-op Extension 4-H Master Food Preservers Master Gardeners GIS Data & Maps Employee Access Maps Public Maps Public Safety Maps Health & Human Services Public Assistance & Aging Behavioral Health Public Health & Prevention Social and Placement Services Human Resources Job Descriptions County Job Openings Merit System Job Openings Benefits and Salaries Policies and MOUs Information Services Broadband Catalog of Enterprise Systems Staff Library Library Catalog Events Staff Museum Parks & Recreation Campgrounds Area Information FAQs Fees & Rates Parks Reserve a Campsite Staff Planning Residential Infill Project - Big Pine, Independence, Lone Pine Application Download Application Fees Housing Other Jurisdictions' Plans and Documents Planning Commission Current Projects Long Range Projects, Plans and Studies LAFCO Environmental Reviews Yucca Mountain Office Zoning Ordinance Code Enforcement - Zoning Violations Inyo County General Plan Surface Mining and Reclamation Act (SMARA) Staff Probation Adult Division Juvenile Division Staff Victim Services Policies Public Administrator Public Guardian Public Works Building & Maintenance Airport Building and Safety Lighting Districts Permits Roads Staff Transportation Commission Water Systems County Service Area #2 Sheriff CCW - Info & Permit Application Links Citizen RIMS Emergency Alerts Jail Job Opportunities and Recruitment Info Media & Press Releases MINT - Major Investigations & Narcotics Team Preparedness Updates Policies Property Records Report a Crime Search & Rescue Services Special Units Staff Weapons & Explosives Work Release (WRAP) Solid Waste Franchise Agreements Recycle Staff Waste Disposal Treasurer-Tax Collector Cannabis Publications and Forms Mobile Home Tax Clearance Mining Claims/Information Online Payments Public Auctions of Properties Staff Tax Collector TOT Treasurer Veteran Services Make an Appointment Benefits Events News (and email sign-up) Resources FAQs/How Do I's Outreach Programs Services Staff Water Department Documents Maps & Data Meetings Projects Staff Residents Your Home Make a Code Enforcement Complaint Animal Services Permits Recycle Housing Assistance Water Mosquito Abatement Emergency Services Library Living in Inyo County Veterans Services Health & Human Services First 5 WIC Senior Citizens Public Health Sheriff County Holidays Child Support Services Your Representatives Voter Registration Environmental Health Hospitals Elections District Attorney Employment Education Eastern California Museum Things to Do Parks & Recreation Eastern California Museum Library Inyo County Visitor Guide Death Valley Visitor Guide Bishop Visitor Guide Eastern California Museum Find County Offices School Districts Superior Court Of CA, County Of Inyo Emergency Services Hospitals Inyo County Commissions Library Education Superintendent of Schools Big Pine Unified School District Bishop Unified School District Death Valley Unified School District Lone Pine Unified School District Owens Valley Unified School District Round Valley Joint Elementary School District Cerro Coso Community College Deep Springs College Info Center Using the Inyo County Website Calendar County Budget County Holidays Death Valley Visitor's Guide Directory Emergency Services Employment Events Hospitals Inyo County Code Inyo County Organizational Chart Inyo County Visitor Guide Maps News Video Gallery Business BRC Agriculture Bishop Chamber of Commerce Farm Advisor Lone Pine Chamber of Commerce Developing Here Permits Inyo County Code Doing Business Visitors Information Center Directory News Events Calendar Maps Hospitals Online Payments Emergency Services County Holidays Transportation Airports Services Administration County Administrative Officer Board of Supervisors Rules of Procedure Community Project Sponsorship Program Departmental Overviews Bid Request / RFP County Budget & Analysis County Locations County Policies & MOUS Inyo County Film Commission Risk Management Workers' Compensation Notices & Procedures under the ADA Injury and Illness Prevention Plan (IIPP) COVID-19 Prevention for Employees Anonymous Hazard Report Tool Claims Against the County Special Events on County Property Ergonomics Insurance Requirements Staff Surplus Sales Landfill Acquisitions Agriculture Agricultural Commissioner Crop Reports Eastern Sierra Weed Management Area Weed Observation Form Pesticide Use Enforcement Resources Crop Reports Economic Profile Natural Livestock Feasibility Study Weights & Measures Consumer Complaint Form Cannabis Business License Use Permits Resources Mosquito Abatement Mosquito Service Request Form Weed Observation Form Weights & Measures Complaint Form Information Device Registration Form Staff Staff Animal Services Adoptable Pets Dogs Cats Misc Applications Fees Adoption Licensing Licensing Your Animal Staff Assessor Request For Address Change Staff Auditor County Budget Payroll Property Tax Administration Staff Child Support Services Resource Links Clerk Recorder Births Marriages Deaths Fees Forms Fictitious Business Names Recorded Documents SB2 Building Homes & Jobs Act FAQs Restrictive Covenant Modifications Environmental Docs Inyo Disclosure Statements DD-214 Military Discharge Papers Grand Jury Reports Inyo County Holiday Schedule Staff Coroner County Counsel District Attorney Criminal Division Victim Witness Investigations Staff Elections Be an Election Worker Election Calendar Whats on the ballot? Candidate Materials Election Results FAQs News & Press Releases Register to Vote Voting How to Vote by Mail Where to Vote in Person Staff Emergency Services Environmental Health Fee Schedule Programs Environmental Drilling Harmful Algal Blooms Organized Camps Food Hazard Materials Solid Waste Drinking Water Residential Septic Systems Recreational Water Vector Control Housing Body Art Water Lab Staff Farm Advisor/UC Co-op Extension 4-H Master Food Preservers Master Gardeners GIS Data & Maps Employee Access Maps Public Maps Public Safety Maps Health & Human Services Public Assistance & Aging Civil Rights Apply for Public Assistance ESAAA Advisory Council ESAAA/ Senior Services Behavioral Health Provider Portal Clinical Or Quality Of Care Feedback Mental Health Awareness Month Draft BHSA Integrated Plan for Public Comment Behavioral Health Advisory Board Make a Behavioral Health Appointment Crisis Hotline - Behavioral Health Services Mental Health Services Act (MHSA) Wellness Centers Substance Abuse Programs Quality Improvement Compliance Public Health & Prevention First 5 Child Abuse Prevention Council Public Health Immunizations COVID-19 Data & Resources For Health Care Providers California Children's Services (CCS) Maternal Child & Adolescent Health (MCAH) NARCAN: Resources Sexually Transmitted Infections (STIs) Mpox Communicable Disease Control Mosquito Bite Prevention Team Inyo 4 Healthy Kids Tobacco Education Program WIC Welcome to WIC! WIC App Do I Qualify? Youth Programs Social and Placement Services Report Child/Elder Abuse Foster Parenting (RFA) Human Resources Job Descriptions County Job Openings Merit System Job Openings Benefits and Salaries Policies and MOUs Information Services Broadband Catalog of Enterprise Systems Staff Library Library Catalog New to the Library in the Catalog Events Library Events -- Archive Dia Photos Día Book List Holiday Crafts Staff Museum Parks & Recreation Campgrounds Baker Creek Brown's Town Diaz Lake Campground Glacier View Independence Creek Millpond Pleasant Valley Portuguese Joe Taboose Creek Tecopa Park & Campground Tinnemaha Creek Area Information FAQs Fees & Rates Parks Spainhower Park Dehy Park, Independence Mendenhall Park, Big Pine Starlite Park, Bishop Izaak Walton Park, Bishop Millpond Recreation Area Reserve a Campsite Staff Planning Residential Infill Project - Big Pine, Independence, Lone Pine Application Download Planning Dept. Apps Building & Safety Apps Submittal Requirements Application Fees Housing Other Jurisdictions' Plans and Documents Planning Commission Current Projects Long Range Projects, Plans and Studies General Plan and Zoning Code Updates Community Plans for Charleston View and Tecopa Short Term Rental Regulation Cannabis Regulation Olancha Cartago Corridor Study (OCCS) LAFCO Environmental Reviews Yucca Mountain Office Glossary Affected Units of Local Government License Support Network License Application Why is Inyo County Involved? Zoning Ordinance Code Enforcement - Zoning Violations Inyo County General Plan Surface Mining and Reclamation Act (SMARA) Staff Probation Adult Division Juvenile Division What happens when my child is arrested or cited? Sealing Juvenile Records Staff Victim Services Policies Public Administrator Public Guardian Public Works Building & Maintenance Airport Lone Pine (O26) General Aviation Visitor Information Ground Transport Airport Businesses Building and Safety Request For Inspection Lighting Districts Permits Roads Staff Transportation Commission Grant Information Water Systems County Service Area #2 Sheriff CCW - Info & Permit Application Links Citizen RIMS Emergency Alerts Jail Job Opportunities and Recruitment Info Media & Press Releases MINT - Major Investigations & Narcotics Team Preparedness Updates Policies Property Evidence Field Property Receipts Found Property Property Destruction, Safekeeping, or Observation Property Releases Vehicle Releases Records Report a Crime Search & Rescue Services Search & Rescue Bicycle Registration Civil Livescan Fingerprint Registrants Special Units Staff Weapons & Explosives Work Release (WRAP) Solid Waste Franchise Agreements Recycle Recycling in Inyo County Places to Recycle Recycling Companies E-waste Staff Waste Disposal Landfills & Transfer Stations Items Accepted & Fees Household Hazardous Waste HHW Collection Events Holiday Closures Asbestos Disposal Contaminated Soil Treatment Tire Amnesty Events E-Waste Treasurer-Tax Collector Cannabis Publications and Forms Mobile Home Tax Clearance Mining Claims/Information Online Payments Public Auctions of Properties Staff Tax Collector TOT Treasurer Veteran Services Make an Appointment Appointment Checklist Benefits Events News (and email sign-up) Resources FAQs/How Do I's Outreach Programs Services Applying for Benefits Staff Water Department Documents Governing Documents Inyo/LA Water Agreement Green Book Stipulation & Orders Water Policy Water Purchase Policy MOU Groundwater Ordinance Drought Recovery Policy Land & Water Advisory Committees Hillside Decree Chandler Decree 1991 EIR LADWP Pumping Reports Bishop Cone Audit LADWP Annual OV Report Inyo County Water Dept Annual Report Inyo/LA Cooperative Studies Staff Reports & Journal Articles OV Water History OV Land Management Plan Blackrock 94 Maps & Data Hydrology Groundwater Monitoring Runoff and Pumping LADWP Data Vegetation Remote Sensing Rare Plants Well Management Historic Maps Baseline Vegetation Ritch Maps 1919 Bishop Maps Meetings Water Commission Members Inyo/LA Technical Group Inyo/LA Standing Cmte Projects Coso Hay Ranch Mitigation Lower Owens River Project Saltcedar SGMA Staff Sheriff Home Services Sheriff Carousel content A carousel is a rotating set of images, rotation stops on keyboard focus on carousel tab controls or hovering the mouse pointer over images. Use the tabs or the previous and next buttons to change the displayed slide. Facebook Twitter Instagram Ready Inyo In case of emergency, call 9-1-1. Mission Statement To Provide community-based services, with honor, dedication, and integrity, we protect and serve by upholding laws and safeguarding lives and property, striving to eliminate recidivism and never taking for granted the authority entrusted upon us. Core Values In collaboration with our community, we strive to achieve a cohesive and safer environment for all. Sheriff Email Phone 760-878-0383 Street Address 550 S. Clay St. Independence , CA 93526 United States Mailing Address P.O. Box “S” Independence , CA 93526 United States Regular Hours Mon-Fri: 8am-5pm Sat-Sun: Closed Sheriff Stephanie J. Rennie Email Phone Number 760-878-0326 CODE OF ETHICS Law Enforcement Code of Ethics As a Law Enforcement Officer, my fundamental duty is to serve mankind; to safeguard lives and property; to protect the innocent against deception, the weak against oppression or intimidation, and the peaceful against violence or disorder; and to respect the Constitutional rights of all men to liberty, equality and justice. I will keep my private life unsullied as an example to all; maintain courageous calm in the face of danger, scorn, or ridicule; develop self-restraint; and be constantly mindful of the welfare of others. Honest in thought and deed in both my personal and official life, I will be exemplary in obeying the laws of the land and the regulations of my Office. Whatever I see or hear of a confidential nature or that is confided to me in my official capacity will be kept ever secret unless revelation is necessary in the performance of my duty. I will never act officiously or permit personal feelings, prejudices, animosities, or friendships to influence my decisions. With no compromise for crime and with relentless prosecution of criminals, I will enforce the law courteously and appropriately without fear or favor, malice or ill will, never employing unnecessary force or violence and never accepting gratuities. I recognize the badge of my office as a symbol of public faith, and I accept it as a public trust to be held so long as I am true to the ethics of the police service. I will constantly strive to achieve these objectives and ideals, dedicating myself before God to my chosen profession...law enforcement. A Few Words from Sheriff Stephanie J. Rennie Welcome to the Inyo County Sheriff’s webpage. Established in 1866, the Sheriff’s Office proudly serves both the residents and visitors of Inyo County, the second-largest county in California, spanning over 10,220 square miles. The Inyo County Sheriff’s Office is dedicated to providing exceptional law enforcement services, including public safety, custodial management, court services, civil process, search and rescue operations, and humane animal care. Our mission is to deliver superior services through collaboration with the community, partner agencies, and allied law enforcement, fostering trust, innovation, and a commitment to enhancing the safety and quality of life for all who live in and visit Inyo County. The men and women of the Inyo County Sheriff’s Office are honored to serve our community, upholding the Constitution of the United States, the Constitution of the State of California, and the mission, core values, and policies of the Inyo County Sheriff's Office. A Brief History of the Inyo County Sheriff’s Office The Office of Sheriff and Tax Collector came into being upon the formation of Inyo County in 1866. The offices of Sheriff and Tax Assessor separated in the 1920s. Inyo County originally took in the territory of the unorganized Coso County, created in 1864. The original territory consisted of parts of Mono and Tulare counties. Already a sizable and remote county, Inyo County took on larger dimensions in 1870, when it acquired more land from Mono and Kern counties, and once again in 1872, taking land from San Bernardino County. Contained within this massive area is some of the most diverse topography in California, including the highest peak in the contiguous United States (Mt. Whitney, with an elevation of 14,496 feet) and the lowest point in the United States (Badwater in Death Valley at 282 feet below sea level). Inyo County is the second largest county in California in terms of total area (10,226.98 square miles, according to the 2000 census). The early days of Inyo County presented many challenges to the original settlers and particularly to those responsible for keeping the peace. The first sheriff, W. A. Greenly, was appointed in 1866 and served only one year. In the county’s formative years, many officials were appointed and served only one or two years then resigned. This practice appears to have held true for at least the first five sheriffs. The second appointed sheriff, William L. Moore, or “Dad Moore” as he was affectionately known in Lone Pine, served two years then stepped aside to allow the third sheriff to hold the position. Moore was again appointed sheriff in 1878, following the murder of Sheriff Thomas Passmore, the first lawman to die in the line of duty in Inyo County. Just 15 months into his second term, Sheriff Moore was gunned down while intervening in a brawl between two local men in the Aldine Saloon in Independence. Sheriff Moore’s end of watch came on July 3, 1879. He was the second Inyo County sheriff to die in the line of duty. Yes, in its infancy, Inyo County experienced its share of violence. Territorial and mining claims were often disputed, and in some cases, the disputes ended tragically. There are many reports of shootings in the mining towns, robberies on the open, desolate highways, and drunken brawls in the townships. Many crimes went unreported because, as mentioned in some historical accounts, local citizens did not want to inconvenience the sheriff because of the great distance he had to travel. The sheriff and his deputies (and there were very few deputies) had to be brave, tough and resourceful. One colorful story speaks of how several men were discovered “stealing ropes with horses attached” in an Inyo County township and were later found hanging from telegraph poles. It was assumed the men committed suicide. From 1866 to as recently as the mid-1950s, the sheriff deputized local civic-minded citizens. Training was non-existent or on the job. Almost all of these deputies were farmers, ranchers, miners, business owners or even doctors. They came from all walks of life, and varied backgrounds, but they were the sheepdogs of their communities who stepped up to guard the sheep from the wolves. They responded to trouble only when called upon, and they did so without hesitation. These early pioneers were well-respected members of their communities. Walter Reed, a local veterinarian and county constable, was shot and killed in 1912 while assisting the Bishop City marshal in the arrest of a local opium dealer and brothel owner. Lemoyne Hazard, a deputy sheriff, owned a Dodge dealership and garage, wrote articles for travel magazines promoting the Eastern Sierras, placed highway mileage markers in the form of a giant red fish from Los Angeles to Salt Lake City, and was a member of the Bishop Union High School Board of Trustees. Deputy Hazard was shot and killed in 1925 while attempting to arrest a drunken, shotgun-wielding man who assaulted his wife and parents. Charles Brown, a local businessman and miner in Shoshone, was also a deputy sheriff. He went on to serve as an Inyo County supervisor and later as a California state senator. Arlington A. Brierly may well be the longest serving member of the Sheriff’s Office. He worked in several capacities as an Inyo County public servant from 1905 to 1970! He served as Inyo County undersheriff from 1913 to 1915 then continued as a special deputy sheriff from 1915 to 1963! From 1905 to 1970, he held positions as a school teacher, superintendent of schools, probation officer, tax assessor and Inyo County surveyor. He was also a rancher. Brierly retired at 85 years old! Present-day Inyo County has a population of about 18,000. The population grows seasonally, with millions of tourists visiting and passing through the county. It remains a rural county, with several small unincorporated townships and only one small incorporated city nestled in the very primitive but beautiful Owens Valley. The same diverse terrain that presented challenges to our early lawmen continues to do so. Today the Sheriff’s Office is remarkably different in terms of resources, training and technology, but our mission has not changed. We provide professional service to our citizens and visitors on every level, and our members continue to be an integral part of their communities; they serve as volunteers in community service organizations, schools, churches and youth athletic programs, to name a few. Most of our cadre grew up in the Owens Valley, while others moved here because they love the rural quality of life. They are the moms, dads, sons, daughters and grandparents of the Owens Valley. Community policing is a concept and practice that has grown in popularity in recent years throughout much of the nation. As the reader may have gathered from this writing, it is not a new concept in the Owens Valley; it has been practiced from the beginning and continues to be a philosophical and operational reality within the Sheriff’s Office. Social Media Inyo County Sheriff Social Media Accounts: Sheriff Links Emergency Alerts Ready Inyo - Emergency Preparedness, Response, And Recovery Megan’s Law (Sex Offenders) CA Office of Emergency Services Roster of Handguns Certified for Sale in California Sheriff Email Phone 760-878-0383 Street Address 550 S. Clay St. Independence , CA 93526 United States Mailing Address P.O. Box “S” Independence , CA 93526 United States Regular Hours Mon-Fri: 8am-5pm Sat-Sun: Closed Sheriff Stephanie J. Rennie Email Phone Number 760-878-0326 Social Media Inyo County Sheriff Social Media Accounts: How Do I? Ask