Corrections Division / County Jail | Somerset County Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Show/Hide Based upon operational needs, Somerset County’s Warrenbrook Senior Wellness Center is redirecting its members, from Wednesday, July 8 to Friday, July 24, 2026, to the Senior Wellness Center at Basking Ridge. Transportation arrangements will be made by Office on Aging and Disability staff to support this change. The Senior Wellness Center at Basking Ridge offers a robust array of engaging programs and a nutritious noontime meal, just like the Warrenbrook Center. Services at Warrenbrook Senior Wellness Center will resume on Monday, July 27, 2026. If you have questions, call (908) 704-6346 or email officeaging@somersetcountynj.gov . Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Font Size: + - ***Effective June 1, 2024, t he Somerset County Board of County Commissioners has agreed to a five-year contract with Morris County to provide housing for Somerset County’s longer-term detainees. The agreement is the product of a year of study by County officials to address the reduced jail population. To meet the needs of the courts and local law enforcement the Somerset County jail will continue to operate on a limited basis with the short-term housing of detainees scheduled for court hearings. Detainees serving sentences or being held for longer periods will be served by the Morris County Jail. Please visit Morris County Correctional Facility for information on incarcerated persons being held in Morris County Correctional Facility.*** The Somerset County Jail is the designated holding facility for individuals who are remanded to custody within the county. Inmates are held on a temporary basis while awaiting trial or disposition of their charges, awaiting transport after being convicted and sentenced to one year or more in state prison, or awaiting transport to another county or jurisdiction while on a temporary hold for that jurisdiction. Inmates are held on a permanent basis while serving a sentence from a municipal court, of up to 180 days, or while serving the sentence of a superior court, of up to 364 days. While an inmate is incarcerated at the Somerset County Jail, it is the staff’s responsibility to safeguard the public by ensuring that the inmate is securely confined within the facility, and to fairly and impartially supervise the day-to-day movements of the inmate population and ensure they receive appropriate food, clothing, shelter, and medical care. Custody Staff must also ensure that inmates observe the rules and regulations of the facility and interact appropriately with staff members and other inmates. The Somerset County Jail along with our medical provider will provide inmates who self-disclose an alcohol or opioid use disorder, or who test positive for opioid use, a medical screening to ascertain if they qualify for the M. A. T. (Medication Assisted Treatment) program. If qualified, inmates will be provided a choice of several different medications to assist with their treatment and recovery. These medications will be utilized along with counseling and education. Upon release the inmates will also receive assistance in maintaining their medications as well as transitioning to community based clinics and counseling services. MISSION STATEMENT Under the auspices of the Somerset County Sheriff, it is the mission of the Somerset County Jail Staff to protect the community by securely holding persons arrested, detained or sentenced by the courts to a period of incarceration in our facility. Our staff is charged with the care and custody of those persons placed in our custody. We are committed to administering care and custody responsibilities in the most ethical and professional manner and in accordance with the law. Phone: 908-231-7150 Fax: 908-231-0095 Address: 40 Grove Street, Somerville, NJ 08876