Brooke County Sheriff | 304.737.3660 or 304-527-1430 Facebook X Facebook X Select Page BROOKE COUNTY SHERIFF Sheriff Richard Beatty, Jr. To Protect & Serve the People of Brooke County National Weather Service Weather Update Jan 23, 2026 | News Not much has changed on snow amounts. NWS PITT still has Brooke County averaging around 13.7 inches. Start of the snow has moved later and is projected to start sometime between 11PM Saturday night and 1am Sunday morning.... Wearing Masks & Concealed Carry Permits Jul 8, 2020 | News The following link provides information regarding the legality of wearing masks while having a concealed carry permitClick Here COVID-19 Scam Alert Apr 7, 2020 | News « Older Entries The Sheriff’s Department Serves the Community Our office exists to serve the people in a variety of ways, such as law enforcement, tax collection, Mapping and Addressing services, and security at the Brooke County Courthouse. We are community partners who always seek the best outcome for the people of Brooke County.  Conceal and Carry Permits Learn the requirements for obtaining a Conceal and Carry Permit.. Learn More  Drug Enforcement Our office is the primary drug enforcement team for Brooke County. Learn More  Patrol Division Our Patrol Division is covers 93 square miles including portions of the Ohio River. Learn More  Our History Learn about the history of the Brooke County Sheriff’s Office Learn More How Can We Help? we’ll use the toggle areas on the right side here to expand into more detail on specific elements of service in the community…. Riverfront Patrol and Enforcement Every year, we provide security and patrol to our river. If you any questions about our laws or policies, please let us know. Drug Enforcement and Education We want to provide our community with updated education regarding drug enforcement. As a community, we need to come together and fight the war on drugs as we strive to make our community a safer place to live. Incident and Special Response Units Our SRT team trains monthly to provide Brooke County residents with the best services in regards to incident response and security. Sexual Offender Registry The WV State Police are responsible for maintaining and updating the sex offender registry. If you have any questions in regards to the registry, feel free to contact the WVSP. WV State Police Sex Offender Registry Sheriff Sales The Sheriff is responsible for holding tax auctions and unclaimed property auctions periodically pursuant to state law. If you have any questions in regard to sales, please contact the Sheriff. Subcribe for Important News Success! Email Subscribe We’re here to support our community. Let us know how to help you! Email Address Full Name Phone Number Message Send Message