Sangamon County Sheriff's Office Inmate Roster Online Citizen Report Divisions Administration Corrections - Bond Information, Inmate Services, Visitation Investigations - Criminal Investigations, Sex Offender Registration Operations - Auxiliary Unit, Court Security, K-9 Unit, Patrol Support Services- Expungements, FOIAs, OPs, Warrants Freedom Of Information Act Contact Us Careers Links & Additional Information Forms FAQ Updates from the Sheriff Crime Statistics Offender Watch TRIAD – Senior Resources Cold Cases Citizen Police Academy Explorers Sangamon County Sheriff's Office Sangamon County Sheriff Sangamon County Sheriff's Office Sangamon County Sheriff Sangamon County Sheriff's Office Sangamon County Sheriff Sangamon County Sheriff's Office Sangamon County Sheriff Office 1 Sheriff's Plaza Springfield, Illinois 62701 Phone 217-753-6855 Hotline 217-606-7701 WE ARE HIRING - APPLY NOW Founded in 1821 On behalf of the 200 plus employees of the Sangamon County Sheriff’s Office, we welcome you to our website. The Office of Sheriff is the oldest continuing, non-military, law enforcement entity in history. It is the only law enforcement position that is elected by the people. The Office of Sheriff is not a department of county government; it is the independent office through which the Sheriff exercises the powers of the public trust. No individual or small group hires or fires the Sheriff, or has the authority to interfere with the operations of the office. Elected Sheriffs are accountable directly to the constitution of their state, the United States Constitution, statutes, and the citizens of their county. The Sheriff should naturally do their best to work with all entities because it is important in a democratic society. The Sheriff must work with all segments of government to serve and protect the citizens of the county. The preservation of the Office of Sheriff is vital in our republic. The Sangamon County Sheriff’s Office was founded on January 30, 1821, two hundred years later; we proudly serve the citizens of Illinois’ fifth-largest county that encompasses 870 square miles. The Sangamon Sheriff’s Office, serves the public offering a Patrol Division, Investigations, Civil Process, Court Security, and a Jail with a rated capacity of 314 inmates. MISSION STATEMENT The Mission of the Sangamon County Sheriff's Office is to enhance the quality of life in our county by working in partnership with the community and in accordance with Constitutional Rights to enforce the laws, preserve the peace, reduce fear, and provide for a safe environment. VALUES STATEMENT To achieve the Mission of our office, we will diligently pursue: Professionalism We will maintain a moral and ethical standard that accepts nothing less than the highest level of integrity. Caring We will attend to the needs of the community while listening and acting with sincerity. Teamwork We will work as a team within the Sangamon County Sheriff's Office and the community to enhance our services. Fairness We will treat others as we want to be treated. This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. Accept