Inmate Services – El Paso County Sheriff’s Office Inmate Services General Information The Detention Operations Division is responsible for operating two sections; Intake and Court Services. Additionally, the Detention Operations Division oversees the El Paso County Sheriff’s Office Special Response Team. The mission of the Intake and Release Section is to ensure responsibilities are accomplished in accordance with accepted professional standards as prescribed in Colorado Revised Statue (C.R.S.) 17-26-103. In addition, the Section maintains required records and ensures accountability and security of inmate funds and property. During an inmate’s stay, all of the inmate’s records are maintained by this Section to include court updates, new charges, bond charges, work release fees, pre-trial services and any holds generated by other agencies. Located in the Terry Harris Judicial Complex (courthouse), the Court Services Section is divided into two units; the Court Unit and the Transport Unit. The Court Unit is responsible for ensuring public safety, as well as inmate safety while escorting inmates to the many courtrooms and providing security therein. Juveniles are also transported and escorted from the Spring Creek Detention Center to the appropriate courts. Additionally, this Unit is responsible for making arrests and processing any individuals remanded into the custody of the Sheriff from the court. In a timely, safe and secure manner, the Transport Unit moves inmates between the El Paso County Jail and the courthouse. This Unit is additionally responsible for the transport of inmates throughout the State of Colorado to include the Department of Corrections and the many counties and cities in Colorado. Any local medical appointments or transports to the Colorado Mental Health Institute at Pueblo are also accomplished by this Unit. Inmate Funds Cash, Cashier’s Checks, Official Checks, or Money Orders can be accepted 24/7 at the main transaction window located in the lobby of the El Paso County Jail. No personal checks will be accepted and no change is available to be given. Deposits to inmate accounts can only be done through the jail Bookkeeping window or one of Trinity’s systems (cash machines located in the El Paso County Jail, or online systems). Persons desiring to send funds to an inmate’s account at the El Paso County Jail may send the following: Cashiers Checks Official Checks Money Orders No Cash / No Personal Checks Address the envelope as follows: El Paso County Criminal Justice Center Attn: Bookkeeping – Inmate Funds 2739 East. Las Vegas St. Colorado Springs, CO 80906 Envelopes with inmate funds will have the following restrictions: No personal correspondence or pictures, only the above-mentioned financial documents. Money orders and checks must be filled out in their entirety and made payable to EPSO and include the inmate’s full name, booking number, or admin number (this is the inmate’s number which begins with the letter “A”) on the memo line. The El Paso County Sheriff’s Office recommends cash never be sent through the US Mail. Each envelope received must contain one deposit for one inmate. Multiple deposits in the same envelope will not be accepted. Using Access Corrections: Two easy ways for your friends and family to put money in your account. Online or mobile: go to www.accesscorrections.com By Phone: Call 1-866-394-0490 (24/7 365) VISA and MasterCard accepted Please contact the Correct Solutions Service Department at (877) 618-3516 or use their weblink to set up pre-paid phone accounts. Contact Information Phone (719) 390-2000 Address El Paso County Criminal Justice Center Attn: Bookkeeping – Inmate Funds 2739 East. Las Vegas St. Colorado Springs, CO 80906 Inmate Property All inmate property is inventoried during pre-admit processing, booking, then re-inventoried by Property Technicians who control and account for inmate property. No property is accepted for an inmate once they are formally booked into the El Paso County Jail with the following exceptions: prescription glasses, certain pre-approved prescription medications which must be verified and accepted by the jail medical staff, clothes for jury trials, State Identification, Passports, vehicle and house keys. Upon completion of a Personal Property Release form, an inmate can release property to a specific, identified person. The person receiving this property must have a valid picture identification card and present it prior to any property being released to them. Property can be picked up 24 hours a day at the transaction window in the lobby of CJC. Contact Information Phone (719) 390-2158 Inmate Mail PERSONAL MAIL: Personal incoming correspondence, to include pictures, must be sent to EPSO’s third party mail vendor, at the address below: El Paso County Sheriff’s Office Inmate Full Name and Admit/Booking Number P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 Please ensure your full name and address is in the upper left-hand corner. All personal incoming correspondence sent to an inmate must contain the first and last name of the sender and a complete return address in the upper left-hand corner of the envelope. It must also include the inmates’ full name, Admit Number, and the vendor’s complete address listed above. EPSO’s third party mail vendor cannot process any materials that are bound or open like a book. All materials received which are bound will be rejected and returned to sender. Please DO NOT send any funds, publications, or legal mail to the personal mailing address as they will not be processed. Any correspondence (envelopes, post cards, etc.) bearing illegible writing will be returned to the sender. Upon arriving at their scanning facility, the mail will be opened and scanned into an electronic document. The electronic document will then be made available to the EPSO mailroom for review and if approved, will be made available on the tablet for the inmate to review. For best results, send mail no larger than 8 ½ by 11. If denied, the mail will not be made available to the inmate. The inmate will be notified of the mail rejection via a facility message. The sender will not be notified of the mail rejection. Once processed, EPSO’s third party mail vendor will not return the original mail to sender. All personal mail must be mailed to EPSO’s third party mail vendor through the U.S. Postal Service, or similar delivery service. No mail is permitted to be “dropped off.” There are many reasons why we are strict in what is and is not allowed, and there are many policies and procedures that govern the way we process all incoming mail. There is no way to cover all possible situations but listed below you will find basic rules. If followed, these rules will aid in your mail communication into this facility. There are times when we have inmates with similar names; therefore, you need to use the inmate’s full booking name (no nick names, abbreviations, or initials) and admit number (Not DOC Number) in all the mailing address and types of mail which include, personal mail, legal mail, money orders, certified/cashier’s checks, publications, etc. If you need the inmate’s Admit Number/Booking Number, you can call or research the information on the website. Inmate to Inmate correspondence is only approved for immediate family members. A copy of a Marriage License, Birth Certificates, or Finalized Adoption Papers must be mailed into the mailroom to verify the relationship of the inmates wishing to correspond. We do not accept anything over the counter. This facility does not recognize Common Law Marriage. When online food packages are ordered for inmates, only the packages provided by the facility’s approved vendor using their My Care program at https://mycarepack.com are allowed; no third-party vendors are accepted. No food items will be accepted from any other source. Inmates are allowed to receive International Mail. If the inmate has funds in their account, they can purchase postage stamps to write to an out of country address. Inmates that are indigent are only provided First Class Postage for correspondence within the United States or APO/FPO addresses. LEGAL/GOVERNMENT ISSUED DOCUMENTS: People desiring to send Legal/Government Issued Documents to an inmate at the El Paso County Jail will need to address the envelope as follows: Inmate’s Full Booking Name & Admit Number/Booking Number El Paso County Jail 2739 E. Las Vegas St. Colorado Springs, CO 80906-1522 Legal mail sent to the facility must be from the following: courts, counsel, officials of confining authority, state and local chief executives, administrators of grievance systems, members of the paroling authority, military agencies, veteran affairs, state agencies, and alternative agencies to incarceration. Please ensure if you are sending Legal mail, you include the agency the mail is coming from, the full name of the person sending the mail, and a complete address in the top lefthand corner. The Mailroom staff must be able to verify all legal mail. If it cannot be verified, it will be rejected. Legal Mail is not mail sent from family members or friends. Legal Return Envelope: If you are going to include an envelope for your client to return legal documents to you in, the envelope MUST be filled out and include the following: Sending From Inmate: Inmate’s Full Booking Name & Admit Number/Booking Number El Paso County Jail 2739 E. Las Vegas St. Colorado Springs, CO 80906-1522 Sending Back to You: Your Full Name Legal Entity Name and Contact Info. Legal Entity Full Address Upper right-hand corner: Postage printed directly on the envelope *Legal entities visiting their clients are allowed to provide their clients with their Discovery in paper form only. Please provide the Discovery to the deputy who will check the paperwork for contraband. Once search, the clients Discovery will be provided to them. Any Discovery in media form needs to be court ordered. Media Discovery must be processed through the Programs Manager. PACKAGES/PARCELS: Persons desiring to send Packages/Parcels to an inmate at the El Paso County Jail will need to address the envelope as follows: Inmate’s Full Booking Name & Admit Number/Booking Number El Paso County Jail 2739 E. Las Vegas St. Colorado Springs, CO 80906-1522 Things you are allowed to send in: New, unused publications only. Paperback books only Publications will only be accepted if they are sent directly from the publisher or an authorized online distributor (Barnes & Noble.com, Amazon.com, etc.). All items must have a standard binding. All packages must include an invoice. Prescription glasses will only be accepted if they are sent directly from an ophthalmologist. 2 publications per package. Things you are not allowed to send: Inmate to Inmate correspondence is prohibited unless approved. Do not include any information about another inmate or staff. Nothing from the Amazon Market Place. Nothing from retail locations which are open to the public or private residences. No blank journals. No hardcover publications. No publications larger than 8.5 x 11 x 3 inches thick. No plastic or wire spiral bindings. No loose inserts or expandable items (maps, posters, pictures, etc.) in books. No newspapers originating in Colorado. No store-bought reading glasses are accepted. No more than 2 publications per package. No publications that include pornographic or lewd in nature. No magazines that are forwarded. No publication that teaches fighting/tactical skills, weapons manufacture, pornography, violence, gang related or related to chemicals/drug materials. Photographs: No pornographic/lewd photographs or drawings. No nude photographs to include photographs of infants. Photographs exceeding 4×6 inches in size will not be altered by staff members to meet the size guideline and will be rejected. A maximum of ten (10) pictures is allowed. A collage of pictures is allowed (each image in the collage counts toward the maximum 10 allowed pictures). INMATE FUNDS: People desiring to send funds to an inmate’s account at the El Paso County Jail (Cashier’s checks and money orders ONLY) will need to address the envelope as follows: El Paso County Jail Attn: Bookkeeping – Inmate Funds 2739 East. Las Vegas Street Colorado Springs, CO 80906-1522 Any envelope containing correspondence and/or items other than Inmate Funds will be returned to sender in its entirety (to include the funds). ONLY the above department (bookkeeping) and address will accept inmate funds. Any funds not addressed to the correct department will be returned to sender in its entirety. Envelopes with inmate funds will have the following restrictions: No personal correspondence or pictures; only the above-mentioned financial documents. Money orders and cashier’s checks must be filled out in their entirety with EPSO/inmate’s full booking name and Admit/Booking Number (not DOC Number), and with the sender’s full name and home address, to include city, state, and zip code. No Personal Checks, Cash, Payroll Checks, Insurance Checks, Refund Checks, State and Federal Government Checks The El Paso County Sheriff’s Office no longer accepts cash as we recommend cash never be sent through the U.S. Mail. Each envelope received must contain one deposit for one inmate. Multiple deposits in the same envelope will not be accepted. No altered money orders or checks will be accepted. Do not line through, write over, or use white out. Packages being shipped by OnTrac will not be accepted by the El Paso County Jail. Any of the above-mentioned restrictions will NOT be accepted and will be rejected and returned to sender in its entirety (including funds). A rejection notice will be provided to Inmate and the sender if inmate funds have been rejected. Contact Information Mailroom Phone (719) 390-2205 Personal Mailing Address to include pictures: El Paso County Sheriff’s Office Inmate Full Name and Admit/Booking Number P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 Legal/Packages/Parcels/Government Issued Documents Inmate’s Full Booking Name & Admit Number/Booking Number El Paso County Jail 2739 E. Las Vegas St. Colorado Springs, CO 80906-1522 Contact Information Phone (719) 390-2205 Address Personal incoming correspondence, to include pictures, needs to be sent to the EPSO’s third party mail vendor at the address below: El Paso County Sheriff’s Office Inmate Full Name and Admit/Booking Number P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 Inmate Visitation The El Paso County Sheriff’s Office welcomes you to the video visitation process. The following information will guide you on how to schedule visits and will also provide valuable information on the visitation rules. Our goal is to provide quality service to you, the public, and enable you to schedule a visitation time that is more convenient to your schedule, family and social lifestyles. We remind you that visitation is designed to be a family friendly environment. In order for all of our guests to have a pleasant and enjoyable visit, the following rules have been established. Individual visits may be terminated immediately if a visitor or inmate violates any visitation rule, or their behavior is disruptive to visitation operations. Should you have any unanswered questions, please call the general information number at (719) 390-2000, 24 hours a day for assistance. Contact Information Website Address www.jailatm.com Information Scheduling Visits Visitors may schedule visits online at JailATM ( JailATM.com ). The week begins with Sunday and ends with Saturday. When registering, you may be asked to provide the following information: 1. Your first and last name (Must match your identification) 2. Your address/city/zip code 3. Your phone number 4. Your email 5. Your date of birth 6. Your photo ID or driver’s license Visitation Check-In Inmates are required to check the monitors and the Daily Visitation Schedule posted in their wards for any scheduled visits. The ward deputy and visitation staff will not notify the inmate of any pending public visits, only professional visits. Visitation Bans If any public visit is terminated due to a rule violation or disruptive activity, the visitor or inmate may be banned from visits. Warnings may or may not be given depending on the severity of the rule violation. The time limit on the ban will be based on the severity or the rule violation. Visitors will be notified by mail or phone. Inmates can check monitors/tablets for bans. Inmates can ban visitors by submitting a request in the kiosk to the Floor Security Sergeant. The ban is automatically 90 days minimum unless a longer time frame is requested. Once an inmate requests a visitor ban, the ban will not be reversed. Protection Orders are put in place to protect a victim or witness from being harassed, molested, intimidated, retaliated against or tampered with by the restrained party. Protection Orders will remain in effect until final disposition of the action. “Until final disposition of the action” means until the case is dismissed, until the defendant is acquitted, or until the defendant completes his or her sentence. Visitation Rules for Wards The week begins with Sunday and ends with Saturday. Visits must be scheduled during the inmates unlock period or the visit will not be honored. Inmates are limited by the following amount of visitations allowed a day/week per ward: A1 – 4 a week A2 – 1 a week A3 – 2 a week B1 – 1 a week B2 – 4 a week B3 – 4 a week B4 – 1 a week unless MH they may get 2 a day C1 – 4 a week C2 – 6 a week D1 – 2 a week D2 – 4 a week Tower Wards are 2 a day, 6 per week Disciplinary Lockdown Inmates do not get any visits Online Visitation Rules Do not operate any machinery while conducting a visit or your visit will be terminated. Dress Code Visitors must be properly dressed to ensure the orderly operation of the Detention Facility. The visitation dress code for all visitors is as follows: A specific DRESS CODE exists which identifies apparel inappropriate and unauthorized to be worn during inmate visitation. The following clothing is NOT allowed to be worn during visitation: No sheer or see-through clothing. Clothing primarily designed as an undergarment may NOT be worn as an outer garment. If the visitor’s attire is clearly in violation, the Security Technician will inform the visitor they will not be permitted to visit due to their attire and refer the visitor to the dress code section of the the Sheriff’s Office website. Visitors observed or reported to be lifting or arranging their clothing in order to expose themselves will have their visitation terminated immediately and may be subject to a ban from future visitation. Trusty Schedules It is the inmate’s responsibility to inform visitors of trusty schedules to avoid visiting complications. The Video Visitation staff does not have access to inmate schedules. Visitation Cancellations Visitors and inmates can cancel visits any time. If the visit is cancelled prior to start time, the visit will not count towards the inmate’s visits. Staff will cancel scheduled visits for the following reasons: The visits are not scheduled during the inmate’s unlock time The visits exceed the amount of visits the inmate is allowed The profile is not filled out correctly (missing data/photo, etc.) Any conduct from either party that is contrary to maintaining order within the facility. Individuals with an active protection order that forbids communication will have their visit immediately terminated and face a subsequent ban. When a visit is changed or cancelled, messages are not passed to inmates. Refunds are handled through JailATM . FAQs Do I get to see the inmate? Can I bring anything in for the inmate? All visits will be conducted over a video visitation system utilizing monitors and handsets. You will not see the inmate in person. What kind of identification do I need? Proper government-issued identification is required. Proper identification must include your full name, photo and date of birth. Examples are: driver’s licenses, government ID (military, passports, consular identification cards), temporary driver’s licenses and identification cards that have been issued within 30 days. How long are the visits? Online visits are scheduled for 15 or 30 minutes. Why is the Sound on My Internet Visit Distorted Or Has An Echo? The microphone and speaker on your PC may be too close to each other. We highly recommend using a headset to isolate your microphone and speaker. My internet visit had problems. Can I get a refund? JailATM does not issue credits or refunds for issues originating from the callers end including but not limited to: Internet Connectivity Issues PC Issues Browser issues Professional Visitation Professionals Defined Visitation Days and Hours General Information Scheduling Visits On-site Visitation Rules Dress Code Professional Defined Any visit that is not for personal reasons. The visit is conducted by a recognized professional that has advanced training and education in their field of expertise. The visit is connected to the inmate’s case (legal, evaluations, investigations) or the inmate’s incarceration (internal jail programs, volunteers.) The following professionals will not be allowed visits with inmates at the El Paso County Jail. These professionals are only permitted as professionals online: Approved Clergy (Paperwork must be registered at the Front Desk) Bondsman, Bounty Hunters, Bail Recovery Agents Financial Organizations (All paperwork must be mailed) Process servers (Must go through Civil Office) Programs or Community Services (All paperwork must be mailed) Media (Must be approved by Bureau Chief) Visitation Days and Hours The El Paso County Jail is open 24/7, weekends and holidays. Professionals are encouraged to visit during normal business hours 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M., however after hour visits are available. A reasonable effort will be made to accommodate professional visits seven days a week as needed. Special visits during counts and meal times will not be recommended due to time constraints for both professionals and facility staff. Please exercise additional patience around these times (4:00 AM to 6:00 AM, 6:45AM, 10:00AM to 12:00PM, 2:30PM, 4:00PM to 6:00PM, 9:45PM). General Information The El Paso County Sheriff’s Office welcomes you to the visitation process. The following information will guide you on how to schedule visits and will also provide valuable information on the visitation rules. Our goal is to provide quality service to you, the public, and enable you to schedule a visitation time that is more convenient to your schedule, family and social lifestyles. We remind you that visitation is designed to be a family friendly environment. In order for all of our guests to have a pleasant and enjoyable visit, the following rules have been established. Individual visits may be terminated immediately if a visitor or inmate violates any visitation rule, or their behavior is disruptive to visitation operations. Should you have any unanswered questions, please call the Front Desk directly at (719) 390-2130, 24 hours a day for assistance. Scheduling Visits In person – same day/walk-ins are on a first come, first serve basis and wait times may apply. Send an email to cjcfrontdesk@elpasoco.com , prior to arrival to assist with smoother check-in. Availability of booths and contact rooms will be known upon check-in as availability changes consistently. Webex – same day Webex visits are on a first come, first serve basis and conducted on the hour/half hour only. Send an email to cjcfrontdesk@elpasoco.com , one hour prior to the Webex time requested. Once the email is confirmed by the EPC Jail, send a Webex invite immediately to avoid delays. Inmates will not be transferred to a Webex visit until an invite is received. Waiting to send the Webex invite until the last minute may result in delays and require rescheduling. Video Visitation (costs may apply) – all JailATM video visits are on a first come, first serve basis and scheduled through: www.JailATM.com . First time account users need to contact the Video Visitation staff to ensure confidential professional status is accurately in place otherwise visits may be recorded. If scheduling same day appointments, call or email the Video Visitation staff directly at shrcjcvideovisitation@elpasoco.com to ensure the inmate shows up to the visit. Professionals should email the information below to cjcfrontdesk@elpasoco.com . Contact information should include full name of the professional, business address and phone number. Date of visit Time of visit Type of visit (In-person, WebEx) Inmate name Length of visit On-site Visitation Rules Please ensure a professional dress code. The rules are posted below in the dress code section and in the front entrance of the EPC Jail. Proper government-issued identification is required to visit. Proper identification must include your full name, photo and date of birth. If we cannot confirm your identity, we will not allow you to visit. Professionals must be 18 years old. No food or drinks. No Smoking/Vaping. No bags, no cell phones, only necessary items for the visit may be brought into the building. Laptops/tablets are allowed. Notary is allowed. Visitors will be encouraged to leave coats, handbags, cell phones and other valuables locked in their vehicles. The Front Desk staff will not hold personal property items for any visitors. The El Paso County Sheriff’s Office will not be held responsible for any lost or stolen articles. Dress Code (in person and online) A specific dress code exists which identifies inappropriate and unauthorized clothing to be worn inside the El Paso County Jail visitation with inmates or tours of the facility. All visitors are expected to dress in appropriate attire while at the El Paso County Jail. If the visitor is not properly clothed in accordance with this dress code, the visit shall be denied. Additionally, proper dress code shall be maintained throughout the visit at any time while walking, standing, sitting or bending down. Tops (that are prohibited): Sleeves shorter than halfway down the upper am. Tops exposing any portion of cleavage, collarbone, shoulders armpits, back and bare midriff. Tops must extend below the belt line. Tops with hoods (excludes jackets.) General Items (that are prohibited): Hats, baseball caps, wave caps, doo rags, bandanas (excludes bonafide religious headwear or chemo treatment headwear.) Clothing around the neck (scarves, shawls, wraps, neck ties, etc.) Any items covering the face (sunglasses, balaclava, burqa, etc.) Clothing bearing holes, rips, or frayed material. Clothing held together by snaps, buttons or tied material. Athletic wear or loungewear (bathrobe, pajamas, sweats, workout clothing, etc.) as outer clothing. Clothing and accessories bearing obscene, profane, sexual or drug related writing, images or pictures. Gang clothing, club–related clothing, insignia indicative of gang affiliation. Transparent or translucent outer garments in any color. Exposed or visible undergarments (bra, tank top, swimwear, underwear.) Any portions of a swimming suit as outer clothing. NOTE: Females and males must wear appropriate undergarments (bras, underwear, etc.) at all times. Bottoms (that are prohibited): Skirts, skorts, culottes, shorts, and dresses that are one inch above the kneecap. Clothing with revealing slits that are more than 3 inches above the kneecap. Tights, spandex, lycra or stretch material worn as an outer garment. Trousers not worn in the manner attended (sagging, etc.) Shoes (that are prohibited): Any type of open heel shoes exposing the heel (crocs, clogs, house slippers, etc.). Any type of open toed shoes exposing the toes (flip flops, sandals, shower shoes, etc.) Any type of shoe over 3 inches height (boots, heels, wedges, etc.) Any type of shoe modified to conceal a weapon (blades, lights, roller shoes, etc.) Slipper socks. Socks worn as an outer garment. NOTE: Shoes are to be worn at all times. Infants and toddlers that crawl or walk must wear shoes. Regardless of the clothing worn, visits will be immediately terminated if the visitor is observed to be exposing themselves to the inmate. Bonding / Advisements HB 21-1280 and HB 25-2510 BONDING PROCESS LEGAL RIGHTS RELATED TO POSTING MONEY BOND PURSUANT TO SECTION 16-4-102, COLORADO REVISED STATUTES BOND FEES, BOOKING FEES AND OTHER FEES OR DEBTS NEVER NEED TO BE PAID TO SECURE A PERSON’S RELEASE ON MONEY BOND . A PAYOR NEED ONLY PAY THE BOND AMOUNT IN ORDER TO SECURE RELEASE. WHILE NEVER A BASIS TO HOLD A DEFENDANT IN JAIL, THE FOLLOWING FEES ARE CHARGEABLE AS A DEBT TO THE DEFENDANT AFTER RELEASE IF THE PAYOR CHOOSES NOT TO PAY THE FEES AT THE TIME OF BONDING:A $10 BOND FEE AND A MAXIMUM 3.5% CREDIT CARD PAYMENT FEE. NO OTHER BOND-RELATED FEES MAY BE CHARGED AT ANY TIME, INCLUDING ANY KIOSK FEES OR FEES FOR PAYMENT BY CASH, CHECK, OR MONEY ORDER. BOND PAYMENTS ARE TO BE MADE OUT TO THE HOLDING COUNTY AND ARE NEVER TO BE MADE OUT IN THE NAME OF THE INCARCERATED PERSON. A SHERIFF MUST RELEASE A DEFENDANT WITHIN SIX HOURS AFTER A PERSONAL RECOGNIZANCE BOND IS SET AND THE DEFENDANT HAS RETURNED TO JAIL OR WITHIN SIX HOURS AFTER A CASH BOND HAS BEEN SET AND THE DEFENDANT HAS RETURNED TO JAIL AND THE DEFENDANT OR SURETY NOTIFIED THE JAIL THAT BOND IS PREPARED TO BE POSTED, UNLESS EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES EXIST. IN THE EVENT OF A DELAY OF MORE THAN SIX HOURS, A SURETY AND THE DEFENDANT HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW WHAT, IF ANY, EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES CAUSING THE DELAY. SUPERVISORY CONDITIONS OF RELEASE DO NOT JUSTIFY A DELAY IN RELEASE; EXCEPT THAT A SHERIFF MAY HOLD A DEFENDANT FOR UP TO 24 HOURS IF NECESSARY TO ENSURE A DEFENDANT IS FITTED WITH REQUIRED ELECTRONIC MONITORING. ANYONE WHO POSTS A MONEY BOND HAST HE RIGHT TO RECEIVE A COPY OF THE BOND PAPERWORK INCLUDING DOCUMENTATION OF THE NEXT UPCOMING COURT DATE. A SURETY MAY NEVER BE ASKED TO USE POSTED BOND MONEY TO PAY A DEFENDANT’S DEBTS ONLY WHEN DEFENDANTS HAVE POSTED THEIR OWN MONEY BOND MAY THEY BE ASKED IF THEY WOULD LIKE TO VOLUNTARILY RELINQUISH BOND MONEY TO PAY THEIR DEBTS. RELINQUISHMENT OF BOND MONEY BY A DEFENDANT TO PAY A DEBT IS NEVER REQUIRED AND IS ENTIRELY A VOLUNTARY CHOICE BY THE DEFENDANT. Bonds can be posted at the El Paso County Sheriff’s Office 24 hours a day. The Office will accept the bond in cash, money order, or credit/debit card pursuant to Keefe’s policies regarding credit or debit transactions. The jail also charges a $10 nonrefundable fee for each bond and there is a $30 booking fee charged each time someone is booked into the jail. Per HB 25-1015; Bond fees, booking fees, and other fees or debts never need to be paid to secure a person’s release on a money bond, INCLUDING WHEN BOND IS POSTED ONLINE. A DEFENDANT, SURETY, OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY PAYER need only pay the bond amount in order to secure release. Unless the court specifies that a bond is “cash only”, meaning no surety, you may hire a bondsman to post the bond. Typically, a bondsman will charge 10 to 15 percent of the total bond. They may require a co-signer and collateral. Bonds may be paid online with a debit or credit card please call 719-390-2142 To file a complaint about violations of these provisions, please contact El Paso County Sheriff’s Office Internal Affairs at 719-520-7345 or email: SHROTSComplaints@elpasoco.com Personal Recognizance Bond: Sometimes the judge authorizes a Personal Recognizance Bond. This is a bond that allows the suspect to get out of jail with a signature only. However, if the person doesn’t appear in court, the judge can impose penalty fees. Zero Bond Hold: A “zero bond” means the inmate cannot post a bond until he appears in court and the judge decides to authorize it. Most arrestees go to court for their case at 8:30 a.m. the business morning after their arrest. Sometimes the hold may be from another agency. In that case, EPSO will contact that agency when the inmate completes their court case here. The other agency will make arrangements to transport the inmate to its facility. Transport information is not released to the public for security reasons. Advisements / Bond Hearings Public link to view Bond Hearings Colorado Judicial Branch Legal Rights Related to Posting Money Bond Download this document Legal Rights Related to Posting Money Bond Derechos Legales Relacionados con el Pago de una Fianza Monetaria Descargar este documento Derechos Legales Relacionados con el Pago de una Fianza Monetaria Online Cash Bond Portal Filing a Complaint Download this form to submit an electronic complaint to the Internal Affairs Unit. This file must be saved to your computer and opened in Adobe Reader not your web browser. You must also have an internet connection and an email account. When finished please save the file and attach it to an email directed to SHROTSComplaints@elpasoco.com . You may also contact the Internal Affairs Unit by phone: 719-520-7345 Internal Affairs Unit Internal Affairs Complaint Form Jail Based Behavioral Health (JBBS) Since the 1990’s, recidivism rates and greater demands on our judicial system have kept jails and prisons overcrowded and searching for relief. The El Paso County Sheriff’s Office is very proud of our efforts to reduce our jail population and criminal recidivism, and to prepare offenders to reintegrate into the community as productive members of society. Since the early 2000’s, the El Paso County Sheriffs Office has offered the jail inmate population different avenues for developing skills, managing emotions and reducing release/recidivism. One of these programs was the Reintegration and Recovery (R&R) program. Until 2019 this program was offered to a small population of inmates who met a strict criteria. In 2020, the El Paso County Sheriff’s Office increased services through our Jail Based Behavioral Health Services, (JBBS) in order to expand services thought out the entire jail facility. The current JBBS (formerly known as R&R) program offers substance abuse counseling, medication assisted therapy education and referrals, release planning, behavioral health counseling, and interim competency care to all incarcerated inmates. To learn more about the Office of Behavioral Health’s state wide JBBS program please visit their website. Goals of JBBS Provide drug/alcohol prevention and education programs to the jail inmate population Provide emotion regulation skills and education to the jail inmate population Provide interim mental health services to individuals who are awaiting placement at a state competency restoration facility Assist coordinating care for inmates releasing back into community. This includes providing location and contact information for community resources, making referrals and assist with scheduling appointments Connect individuals at high risk for opiate overdose to Medication Assisted Therapy either prior to release or though community-based referrals and appointment scheduling Develop collaborative relationships with community-based treatment and services providers All inmates incarcerated at the El Paso County Criminal Justice Center may receive services through the JBBS program. The type, and duration of services may be impacted by housing, individual behavior restrictions and sentencing. Anyone interested in JBBS services can send a kite through the inmate kiosk to JBBS or speak to a JBBS staff member. Family, friends or support representatives are welcome to contact the JBBS point of contact if they would like to refer an individual for services while incarcerated. Please note, due to HIPPA and confidentiality of the individuals we serve, JBBS staff may not provide detailed information to any caller without proper documentation. Contact Information Maelee McKee-Borah Phone (719) 390-2349 Email maeleemckee-borah2@elpasoco.com Helpful Links Helping Hands Community Resources Colorado 211 News July 2021 JBBS is now offering release planning assistance to anyone in the facility. Any incarcerated individual can contact JBBS staff through the jail kiosk system or ask a JBBS staff member for assistance creating a plan for helping connect them to community based services once released.