Sheriff's Office - Umatilla County Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to page footer Umatilla County Sheriff's Office The mission of the UMATILLA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE is to serve our community and earn the public's trust by providing highly professional public safety services in an ethical and fiscally responsible manner, while respecting the rights of all individuals by placing others above ourselves. Full Mission Statement Patrol Car Boat Deputy Rescue 2021 Jail Control 2021 Patrol Truck Skoty 2021 Dispatch 2021 Snowmobile 2021 Patrol Truck Snow 2021 Snow Tracker Skoty Patrol Previous Next Featured Services Concealed Handgun License (CHL) Fill out applications, pay fees, and schedule an appointment to obtain a CHL Record Requests Request public records from the Sheriff's Office and Umatilla County using our online portal County Jail Learn more about phone calls, visitation, programs and procedures at the Umatilla County Correctional Facility Civil Unit The Civil Unit serves evictions, restraining orders, small claims (and more) issued by the courts Emergency Management Learn about how best to prepare for disasters and sign up for emergency alerts 911 Dispatch Learn about the Regional Dispatch Center and the assistance provided by our trained specialists Mission Statement Our Commitment To The People of Umatilla County The mission of the UMATILLA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE is to serve our community and earn the public's trust by providing highly professional public safety services in an ethical and fiscally responsible manner, while respecting the rights of all individuals by placing others above ourselves Core Values and Functions To keep our communities safe by enforcing the laws of the land; maintaining a safe and secure jail; patrolling all areas of Umatilla County and conducting criminal investigations; delivering helpful and effective 911 and communications services, civil processes, search and rescue services; and keeping our courts safe and accessible to the public. To work collaboratively with our community members and public safety partners, with an emphasis on building relationships, addressing public safety issues, and being responsive to the ever-changing needs of the people we serve. To seek and retain professional, compassionate, helpful, courteous staff , and to encourage their professional development through training, experience, and continuing education. To be fiscally responsible, and to successfully manage the public’s resources in the most efficient and effective manner. The Umatilla County Sheriff’s Office is accredited by the Northwest Accreditation Alliance A Message From The Sheriff Terry Rowan Dear Citizens, Whether you live in the rural areas of Umatilla County or within a city, you receive a wide variety of services from your Sheriff's Office. In the rural, unincorporated areas of the county, our Sheriff's deputies are the primary first responders whenever you call 911 or our non-emergency lines for help; from the Communications Deputy/Dispatcher who answers your phone call, to the Patrol Deputy or Detective who responds to the scene to protect you and investigate your case; to the Search and Rescue Deputies who rescue those who are stranded or lost. In addition, your Sheriff's Office assists the public with civil services, including concealed handgun licenses, protection orders from the courts; emergency management and disaster preparedness services; mountain safety patrols by ATVs and snowmobiles; water safety patrols by boats; and neighborhood watch programs. Our Corrections Division maintains a safe and secure jail facility and provides security at our two county courthouses. The Sheriff's Office provides contracted police services to the city of Athena and Weston, a School Resource Officer to Milton-Freewater School District, and a K-9 Program. We support all other police and fire departments in the county through our participation in interagency teams including the Umatilla/Morrow Major Crimes Team and others. These efforts are possible because we place a high priority on building relationships within our county, with our schools, and with our public safety and community partners to better fulfill our mission, and the Sheriff's role as the "Conservator of the Peace". You can be proud of the services you receive from the Umatilla County Sheriff's Office. We are working hard everyday to provide the most competent, courteous and effective public safety anywhere in the country. Thanks for your continued support! Sincerely, Terry L. Rowan, Sheriff Contact Us Umatilla County Sheriff's Office 4700 NW Pioneer Place Pendleton, OR 97801 Phone: 541-966-3600 Email: sheriff@umatillacounty.gov Hours and Locations Subpages Administration Civil Unit Concealed Handgun License County Jail Criminal Division Dispatch Emergency Management Hours and Locations Press Releases Sheriffs' Sales Complaint? Public Complaint Form