Elayn Hunt Correctional Center - Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections Elayn Hunt Correctional Center back to map Physical Address 6925 Highway 74, St. Gabriel, LA 70776 Phone (225) 642-3306 Mailing Address 6925 Highway 74, St. Gabriel, LA 70776 Warden Travis Day Mission It is the mission of Elayn Hunt Correctional Center (EHCC) to provide a controlled correctional environment in a professional manner so as to protect the safety of the general public, the surrounding community, the staff, and imprisoned people. Each person in prison will be provided basic services relating to adequate food, clothing, healthcare and shelter. EHCC provides an assortment of assessment, diagnostic, work, educational, self-help, discipline, medical, mental health, and social programs in an environment that fosters respect for both imprisoned people and personnel. Imprisoned people are also provided an opportunity to make restitution and to participate in reentry initiatives as a mechanism to compensate individuals and communities harmed by crime. Goals Continue to provide for the safety of the public, employees, and imprisoned people with a system of operation that promotes the stability of the institution. Continue to prepare people in prison for their release with educational programs and provide an environment that promotes change. Continue to provide quality medical and mental health services and custody screening. Further reduce operations cost and manage as efficiently as possible. Maintain accreditation with the American Correctional Association and increase staff membership. Increase employee retention. Focus on workforce development which supports our agency’s objectives and long-range planning through cross-training. Directions From Baton Rouge , take I-10 and travel 6.7 miles. At I-10, take Exit 173, and stay right onto Highway 73. Travel 1.1 miles, then turn right onto HWY 74. Travel 5.8 miles, then turn right onto Hunt Correctional Center Road. Visitation Information It is the policy of Elayn Hunt Correctional Center to provide imprisoned people with the opportunity to visit all persons on their approved visitor’s list. The number of visitors an imprisoned person may see and the length of visits may be limited to the institution’s schedule, space, personnel constraints, or when there are substantial reasons to justify such limitations. If the imprisoned person’s stay at the Adult Reception and Diagnostic Center (ARDC)/intake process exceeds thirty days, it will be possible for the imprisoned person to request and receive special visits pending administration approval. Such visits are generally allowed with certain members of the immediate family usually including parents, legal spouse, sibling, grandparent, or child of the imprisoned person. Imprisoned people assigned to EHCC must submit their requests for special visits in writing to the appropriate Unit Manager. The requests must be received no later than the Tuesday preceding the weekend of the desired visit. These requests must be made by the person in prison and not the person in prison’s family members. The request must include complete names, date of birth, race, sex, and driver’s license number along with the state of issuance, last four digits of the social security number, relationship, address, and the date of the requested visit. A person in prison will be permitted to have up to ten individuals on his visiting list after approval is received. There are no restrictions on the sex or the relationship of the individuals chosen. People in prison should submit visiting requests to their classification officer. For the first thirty days after an imprisoned person enters EHCC, identifiable immediate family members (i.e. the imprisoned person’s parents, legal spouse, grandparents, siblings, and children of the imprisoned person) will be allowed to visit. After thirty days, they must be on an approved visiting list to continue to visit. These individuals can be officially added to the visiting list after they return the questionnaires, which are sent by the imprisoned person. However, visiting privileges for these individuals will end if they do not mail the completed questionnaires to EHCC within thirty days from the imprisoned person’s reception to EHCC. Attorney visits are scheduled through the office of the assistant warden for Security. Special visits at EHCC are very limited, except with regard to approving extended visits for approved visitors who travel long distances. All special visit requests must be submitted by the imprisoned person to their unit manager by the Tuesday of the week of the desired visit. Criminal histories are checked on every visitor. Prospective visitors who lie about their arrest history will be denied for falsification. An individual can only be on the visiting list of one imprisoned person unless he/she is an immediate family member of two or more people in prison. Imprisoned people who are found guilty of contraband as it relates to drugs are subject to be placed on “No Contact” visiting status. Additionally, visitor(s) bringing in drugs or other forms of contraband will be subject to arrest and permanent termination of visiting privileges. For more visitation information, click here. Educational Programming EHCC offers a wide range of job opportunities to imprisoned people; jobs that not only serve the institution, the Department, and the surrounding community, but also the people in prison by instilling a work ethic and, in many cases, offering job skills for the future. Generally, all able-bodied people in prison are required to work in the field operation before becoming eligible for other work. Included in the job pool at EHCC are the kitchens, the chemical plant and numerous community work crews. There are several educational programs at EHCC. Academically, there is a literacy program, a basic adult education course designed to upgrade reading and mathematics skills, a High School Equivalency (HSE) preparatory course designed to enable an imprisoned person an opportunity to take the HiSET test, and a special needs program designed to prepare those who do not have sufficient academic training to enter into a vocational education program. Baton Rouge Community College programs are available in welding, carpentry, and air condition and refrigeration. Additionally, EHCC offers ServSafe and job-life skills training. Qualifying imprisoned people can also earn certifications such as National Center for Construction Education and Research (NCCER) module credits, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC)/Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Certification for A/C technicians, Outdoor Power Equipment and Engine Service Association (OPEESA) Small Engine Technician Certification, and Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) General Industry Certification. Jump to section Contact Information Mission Goals Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Additional Information Contact Information Mission Goals Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming