Escambia County Sheriff, AL Skip to Main Content Emergency 911 Non-Emergency 251-809-0741 Contact Current Inmates Employment Released Inmates Sex Offenders Sheriff's Message Submit Crime Tip Sign Up for Alerts Escambia County Sheriff's Office Brewton, Alabama Escambia County Sheriff's Office Brewton, Alabama Emergency 911 Non-Emergency 251-809-0741 menu Escambia County Sheriff's Office Inmate Roster Receive Alerts Employment Press Releases Sex Offenders Calendar Latest Booking ALEXANDER, TANYA View Profile >>> View Inmate Roster Released Inmates GREEN JR, CURTIS View Profile >>> View 48 Hour Release Latest News 1 Latest News Summer Safety Read More View ALL Press Releases Latest News 2 Latest News Cybersecurity Tips Read More View ALL Press Releases Escambia County Sheriff's Office Escambia County Sheriff's Office Escambia County, Alabama was created on December 10, 1868 from parts of Baldwin and Conecuh Counties. Escambia originated from either a Creek word meaning “clear water” or a Choctaw word meaning “cane-brake” or “reed-brake.” Approximately 1,000 square miles are included in Escambia County, Alabama. Our estimated population in 2014 was 37,733. Pollard was the first county seat, and Brewton became the county seat in the 1880s. Atmore, Flomaton, East Brewton, and Brewton are major towns in our county. Escambia County, Alabama is home to the Conecuh National Forest and the Little River State Forest. The Conecuh National Forest is in the eastern corner of the county and also in Covington County, our neighbor to the east. The Little River State Forest is in the northwest corner of the county and is shared by Monroe County to the north. Visitors to the Conecuh National Forest can enjoy Open Pond Recreation Area and Blue Lake Recreation Area. Open Pond is a great place for camping, fishing, hiking, boating, and picnicking. Blue Lake is a beautiful place for swimming, in addition to fishing and picnicking. The Little River State Forest has many outdoor opportunities for visitors. Hiking, biking, swimming, camping, boating, and fishing are available. SHERIFF'S MESSAGE Heath Jackson Read Message Alabama Sheriffs' Association Atmore Chamber of Commerce Brewton Chamber of Commerce Escambia County Alabama We use cookies to enhance your website browsing experience. Read our cookie use policy . OK