Ozaukee County Sheriff's Office | Ozaukee County, WI - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Sheriff Ozaukee County Sheriff's Office 1 Sheriff Squad 2025 2 HonorGuard06092024 3 Flipside07162025 4 KapcoNight2024 5 RecruitFair03192025 6 SRTTraining11122024 Mission It is the mission of the Ozaukee County Sheriff’s Office to serve the citizens of Ozaukee County through a partnership with the community by providing professional law enforcement services through fair and ethical enforcement of the law ensuring the rights and dignity of all. Vision It is our vision that Ozaukee County remain one of the safest places to live, work, and grow. We achieve this by serving the needs of the Citizens through community partnerships, professional law enforcement, technology, and ethical leadership. Welcome to the Ozaukee County Sheriff’s Office website. Through our website and social media we hope to be able to provide timely information to the citizens we serve. These avenues allow citizens to obtain information in the most timely and cost effective means currently available. If you are unable to find the information that you need on the website, and need further assistance please do not hesitate to call or email our office with specific concerns or questions. Thank you for doing your part in keeping Ozaukee County a safe place to live, work, and raise a family. Citizen's Academy - Now Accepting Applications Have you ever been curious about what law enforcement officers do, how they’re trained, or why they respond the way they do? This fall, the Ozaukee County Sheriff’s Office invites you to take part in our Citizens’ Academy — a unique opportunity to gain firsthand insight into modern police work and the training that supports it. We are excited to announce the dates for our 2025 session of the Citizens’ Academy, which will run weekly on Wednesday evenings from 6:00 PM to 8:30 PM, starting September 4, 2025, and concluding on October 22, 2025. One Saturday morning session will also be scheduled during this period to allow participants to attend a firearms training event at the range. Please note: dates and times are subject to change. To View More Details Regarding the Academy To Apply for Participation in the Academy Where can I find more information about Ozaukee County's sober living house, Healing Point? Where can I check to see if someone is in the Ozaukee County Jail? How can I submit an anonymous tip? I need to have a Sheriff's Deputy serve papers to someone in Ozaukee County. How do I request service? How do I find information on a property that will be auctioned at a Sheriff's Sale? I need to request an incident report. How can I order copies? I was involved in an accident. How can I get a copy of my crash report? How do I make an appointment to see someone in the jail? View All /FAQ.aspx Inmate Mail All personal mail from your family and friends such as letters, pictures, and drawings will be digitally delivered to the inmate via a tablet device available in all living units. Be sure to tell your family and friends that your mailing address will change to: Ozaukee County Jail Inmates Full Name - Inmate Booking Number PO Box 247 Phoenix MD 21131-0247 Packages, legal mail, and other non-personal mail should still be sent to the facility at: Ozaukee County Jail Inmate Full Name 1201 S Spring St Port Washington WI 53074-0245 You can submit an anonymous tip to the Ozaukee County Sheriff's Office by either text message, through our tip app, or by using this web form. To send an anonymous tip via TEXT message to the Ozaukee County Sheriff's Office, text keyword: OZSO and your message to 847411. Also, download our tip app for Apple or Android devices. Google Play Store Apple Apps Store To Report an Emergency or an Urgent Matter, Always Call 911 WI Concealed Carry License Application Wisconsin Sex Offender Registry Family Watchdog for Sex Offenders Wisconsin Circuit Courts View All /QuickLinks.aspx Follow the Sheriff's Office on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter Sheriff's Office Lobby Hours: Monday - Friday 8am - 5pm (262) 284-7172 Sheriff's Office Sheriff Christy Knowles Email P.O. Box 245 1201 S. Spring St. Port Washington, WI 53074 Directions Emergency: 911 Ph: 262-284-7172 Fax: 262-284-8490 Helpful Numbers TTY - TDD: 262-284-8499 Staff Directory Bail and/or Bond Posting Bail being posted with a cashier's check or money order must be done during normal Sheriff’s Office Business Office hours (Monday – Friday 08:00 am to 05:00 pm) and will be verified. Sheriff’s Office employees will call the issuing institution to verify authenticity of the document. If the document cannot be verified, it will not be accepted as bail/bond payment. All cashier checks and money orders for out of county or municipal bail/bond must be made payable to " Ozaukee County Sheriff s Office. " All cashier checks and money orders for bail/bond issued by Ozaukee County Circuit Court should be made payable to “ Ozaukee County Clerk of Courts ”. Employment Pay Taxes Public Safety Ozaukee County 121 W. Main St. P.O. Box 994 Port Washington, WI 53074 Ph: 262-284-9411 Birth, Death, Marriage, & Divorce Records Land Info Maps and Apps Tax Data Search Aging and Disability Resource Center Facilities Rental Lasata Senior Living Campus /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Quick Links Legal Privacy Notices Site Map /QuickLinks.aspx Employee Login Website Login /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow