Sheriff | Kent County, MI Skip to Main Content Search Careers Incident Report Records Request Report Employee Concerns Latest News Stay up to date KCSO Investigating Fatal Motorcycle Crash at Racetrack On June 7, 2026, at approximately 3:15 PM, deputies responded to Grattan Raceway for a report of a motorcycle crash that occurred on the race track. Preliminary investigation indicates a 39-year-old man from Dewitt, MI was participating in an... Teen Seriously Injured in Overnight Crash On 6/5/2026 at 10:30 PM, deputies responded to the intersection of N Division Avenue and 13 Mile Road for a report of a crash involving a pickup truck and a mini bike. Preliminary investigation found a 16-year-old male was operating... KCSO Investigates Home Explosion in Comstock Park At approximately 4:00 a.m., dispatch received around 50 calls reporting an explosion and house fire in the 5700 block of Rollaway Drive in Comstock Park. Deputies and fire personnel responded... KCSO Investigating Fatal Motorcycle Crash On 5/25/2026 at approximately 6:30 PM, deputies responded to the area of Algoma Avenue south of 12 Mile Road for a report of a motorcycle crash. Initial investigation shows the motorcycle left... 91-Year-Old Man Killed in Single-Vehicle Crash On Sunday, May 3, 2026 at 12:40 p.m., the Kent County Sheriff's Office responded to a fatal single-vehicle crash at the intersection of Tyrone Avenue NW and 18 Mile Road NW. Investigators determined that the driver, a 91-year-old Tyrone Township man... Single-Vehicle Fatal Crash Under Investigation On April 22, 2026, at approximately 9:43 PM, the Kent County Sheriff’s Office Emergency Communications Center received an automatic crash notification from an iPhone. Seconds later, multiple callers reported that a vehicle had crashed into... KCSO Investigating Pedestrian Fatally Struck On April 21, 2026, at approximately 7:20 p.m., deputies were dispatched to the area of 9 Mile Rd NE west of Young Ave NE for a report of a pedestrian who had been struck by a vehicle. Upon arrival, deputies and emergency responders... LOCATED | KCSO Looking for Missing Courtland Township Man Mr. Palmer was located safe in the City of Kentwood. | KCSO Deputies are looking for 56-year-old, William Palmer, who went missing from his care facility near Rockford. William has dementia and was last seen on foot... Flooding Update & Public Damage Reporting Request Kent County Emergency Management continues to monitor elevated river levels following several days of sustained rainfall across the region. Water levels have increased along the Grand River and Thornapple River. Flood Advisory Update for Thornapple and Grand River Areas Recent rainfall over the past several days has resulted in elevated water levels throughout the region. Several water control structures along the Thornapple River watershed are currently experiencing high flow conditions... UPDATED: Child Fatally Struck by Vehicle in Northern Kent County The preliminary investigation determined that the driver of the pickup truck, a 33-year-old Cedar Springs man and the father of the 3-year-old child who was struck, was driving recklessly at the time of the crash. UPDATE: Two Individuals Found Deceased in Vehicle The Kent County Medical Examiner’s Office has ruled the deaths of a 38-year-old female and a 16-year-old female as accidental due to carbon monoxide asphyxiation. As part of the investigation, Kent County detectives and the Byron Township Fire... Grand River Expected to Crest Above Flood Stage in Comstock Park As of this morning, the National Weather Service forecasts the Grand River in Comstock Park to rise to approximately 12.2 to 12.3 feet—about three inches above flood stage. The river is expected to crest later today. Skeletal Remains Identified as Missing Plainfield Township Man On 2/24/2026, the Michigan State Police were dispatched to the area of US-131 and West River Drive after skeletal remains were discovered in a wooded brush area by an individual walking in the woods. The remains were significantly... Single Vehicle Fatal Crash Under Investigation in Caledonia Township On March 2, 2026, at 7:24 p.m., deputies responded to a single-vehicle crash on westbound 84th Street west of Kraft Avenue. Initial investigation shows the vehicle went off the roadway into trees and then rolled over. South American Theft Group Arrested In December 2024, a Cascade Township home was burglarized while the homeowners were at work. A significant amount of cash, jewelry, personal documents, and other valuables were stolen during the break-in. Investigators later... Additional Info... Early Morning Shooting Under Investigation The Kent County Sheriff’s Office is investigating a shooting that occurred just after 4:00 a.m. in the 400 block of 60th Street SE on 2/22/2026. Deputies responded to the scene and secured the area. Detectives are actively investigating... Additional Info... UPDATE: Overnight Reports of Shots Fired Under Investigation The Kent County Sheriff’s Office Investigative Unit conducted a follow-up investigation into the reported shots-fired incident that occurred earlier this month. The investigation determined that a single shot was fired in the immediate vicinity of... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Fatal Single Vehicle Crash On January 21, 2026, just after 3:30 p.m., deputies responded to a single-vehicle crash on Lincoln Lake Ave NE, just north of McPherson St NE. Preliminary investigation indicates the vehicle lost control on the roadway and struck a tree... Additional Info... Shooting Investigation Following Road Rage SOLON TOWNSHIP, Mich: On January 23, 2026, at approximately 1:50 p.m., deputies were dispatched to a report of a shooting that had just occurred following a road rage incident near Quarter Horse Drive NE and Algoma Avenue NE. The victim sustained a ... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Fatal Vehicle-Pedestrian Crash On January 15, 2026, at approximately 6:30 p.m., deputies were dispatched to the area of 17 Mile Road NE, east of Ritchie Avenue NE, for a report of a vehicle striking a pedestrian. The victim, a 45-year-old female from Cedar Springs... Additional Info... Overnight Reports of Shots Fired Under Investigation On January 7, 2026, just after 11:00 p.m., deputies responded to an apartment complex near the intersection of Eastern Avenue SE and 60th Street SE after reports of a disturbance involving a large group of people in the parking lot... Additional Info... Arrests Made in Daytime Shooting On November 30, 2025, around 4:30 pm, deputies responded to the area of Stoney Creek Avenue NW and Lamoreaux Drive NW for reports of gunfire. Responding units learned a subject in the area was being chased by multiple individuals... Additional Info... Mother Arrested in Child Death Investigation The Kent County Sheriff’s Office has made an arrest in the suspicious death of 2-year-old Ryleigh Whitehead of Cedar Springs. First responders were called to a home on S Allan Street in the City of Cedar Springs for a report of a 2-year-old... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Overnight Fatal Crash On 11/25/2025 at approximately 12:30 AM, Kent County Sheriff’s Office deputies responded to a single-vehicle crash on Vergennes St SE near Pettis Ave SE. Arriving deputies found that a westbound vehicle continued through the Pettis Avenue... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Fatal Algoma Twp Crash On 11/23/2025, just after 10:30 AM, KCSO and first responders were called to the 9100 block of Lady Lauren Drive for a child struck by a vehicle. The child was in the roadway of a small residential loop at the time a pickup truck rounded the bend... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Fatal, Single Car Crash On November 1, 2025, at approximately 12:30 p.m., a Kent County Parks employee located a single-vehicle crash in the ditch along Pettis Avenue NE near Dogwood Avenue NE. The driver and sole occupant, an 80-year-old male from Ada Township... Additional Info... Parole Absconder Arrested After Pursuit in Plainfield Township At approximately 1:20 p.m. October 30, Kent County Sheriff’s Office Investigative Division Detectives, in coordination with a Community Services Deputy and Road Patrol units assigned to Plainfield Township, attempted a traffic stop at 5 Mile Road... Additional Info... K9 Soka Found Safe K9 Soka has been safely located following a search after he became separated from his handler yesterday morning in Irons, Michigan. Soka was found approximately 4.5 miles away after being spotted by a local resident. He appears to be in good condition... Additional Info... Wyoming Police Officer Involved Shooting Update On September 16, 2025, shortly after 1:00 a.m., the Wyoming Police Department responded to a residence in the 200 block of Lemyra SE for reports of 31-year-old Luis Hernan Fernandez Sandoval in violation of a protective order. Additional Info... Alpine Township Fatal House Fire Just after 1am on September 9, 2025, a passerby called 911 to report a house fire at 3505 4 Mile Road NW in Alpine Township. Deputies and fire personnel arrived to find the home fully engulfed in flames. Additional Info... Massage Therapist Charged in Assault Case In early 2024, a patient reported being inappropriately touched during a trauma massage therapy session in Grand Rapids Township. The investigation identified the suspect as 63-year-old Dana Piper of Southfield, Michigan. Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Fatal Crash in Northern Kent County On August 27, 2025, just after 6:00 a.m., deputies responded to a three-vehicle crash on Northland Drive NE between Coan Street and Ritchie Avenue. The investigation found that a southbound vehicle crossed the center line and struck... Additional Info... Armed Suspect Taken into Custody After Hours-Long Standoff On August 23, 2025, just after 10:00 a.m., deputies were called to a home near Balsam Ave and Holtman Dr on a report of a domestic assault involving a weapon. The victim was able to safely exit the residence before deputies arrived. Additional Info... Death Investigation in Plainfield Township On August 20, 2025, just after 3:00 a.m., deputies responded to a business near Plainfield Avenue NE and Mark Street NE for two unresponsive males inside. Additional Info... Kent County Highlights Preparedness During Emergency Management Awareness Month In observance of Emergency Management Awareness Month (August), the Kent County Sheriff’s Office (KCSO) and Kent County Health Department (KCHD) are reminding residents that preparing... KCSO Investigating Fatal Crash on Lincoln Lake Ave SPENCER TOWNSHIP, Mich: On August 4, 2025, just after 4:00 p.m., deputies responded to Lincoln Lake Avenue NE, north of 16 Mile Road, for a vehicle crash involving a pedestrian. Deputies located a 53-year-old man from Dimondale, Michigan... Additional Info... Stabbing in Alpine Township Just after 9:00 PM tonight, a man was stabbed inside of the Walmart store on Alpine Ave (3999 Alpine Ave NW). The suspect left the store, was struck by a vehicle, and apprehended by bystanders. Within minutes, police arrived at the scene... Additional Info... Sheriff’s Office Invites Community to National Night Out 2025 Our Sheriff's Office is excited to host National Night Out 2025 on Tuesday, August 5, from 4:30 PM to 7:30 PM, at two locations in Kent County. This is a free event and open to all community members at both locations. National Night Out is... Additional Info... KCSO Investigates Fatal Car Crash in Byron Township On July 29, 2025, at 9:24 a.m., deputies from the Kent County Sheriff’s Office responded to a two-vehicle crash on Byron Center Avenue SW, south of 76th Street SW. The initial investigation found that a northbound SUV collided with another SUV... Additional Info... KCSO Investigates Drowning Incident at Long Lake Park SOLON TOWNSHIP, Mich: On July 25, 2025, just after 8:00 p.m., deputies from the Kent County Sheriff’s Office responded to Long Lake Park in Solon Township on a report of a child who was pulled from the lake and unresponsive... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Shooting Leaving Two Dead The Kent County Sheriff’s Office has identified the individuals involved in the fatal shooting that occurred at a residence in the 6700 block of Madison Avenue SE. The investigation determined that a domestic argument between 52-year-old... Additional Info... KCSO Officer Involved Shooting On July 22, 2025, just after 9:00 a.m., deputies were called to a home near Fontenelle Street SE and S Division Avenue SE in Gaines Township. A caller reported that a 66-year-old man was armed and acting aggressively toward them inside the house. Additional Info... Plane Crash Kills Two In Vergennes Township On July 21, 2025 just after 4:30 PM , a small aircraft crashed into a storage facility near the intersection of Vergennes Street and Lincoln Lake Avenue SE in Vergennes Township, just outside the Lowell Airport. The aircraft had departed from Alpena... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Shooting Leaving Two Dead On July 21, 2025, just after 1pm, KCSO received a 911 call at a residence in the 6700 block of Madison Avenue SE for a domestic incident. The caller then reported hearing shots inside the home. Additional Info... Charges Issued Related to Body Discovered In Woods in Alpine Township On the morning of June 15, 2025, deputies from the Kent County Sheriff’s Office responded to the 3900 block of Yorkland Drive NW after a resident discovered a deceased individual in the wooded area. Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Motorcyclist Found Dead Off Roadway On June 30, 2025, just after 2:00 p.m., a Kent County Drain Commission employee was inspecting drains along 21 Mile Road NE near Keller Avenue NE when they discovered a crashed motorcycle and deceased rider... Additional Info... KCSO Searching for Drowning Victim at Wabasis Lake On June 29, 2025, just before 6:30 p.m., deputies were dispatched to Wabasis Lake in Oakfield Township for a man who went underwater and did not resurface. A 62-year-old man from Greenville, Michigan... Additional Info... Double Fatal Crash Under Investigation in Courtland Township Just before 8:00 a.m. on Tuesday, June 24, 2025, deputies were called to a serious crash at the intersection of 13 Mile Road NE and Courtland Drive NE. The crash involved two vehicles and resulted in a rollover, a fire, and one person pinned inside. Additional Info... Search Ends in Tragedy for Missing 6-Year-Old at Millennium Park This afternoon, June 21, a 6-year-old child tragically lost their life at Millennium Park after being reported missing in the water while under the supervision of family members. Despite quick action by first responders and numerous community members... Additional Info... Update: Body Discovered In York Creek Apartment Woods On the evening of June 15, 2025, deputies from the Kent County Sheriff’s Office responded to the 3900 block of Yorkland Drive NW in Alpine Township after a resident discovered a deceased individual... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Fatal Motorcycle Crash in Oakfield Township The Kent County Sheriff’s Office has learned that the passenger involved in Saturday's motorcycle crash in Oakfield Township has died from her injuries. On June 7, 2025, deputies responded to a single-vehicle crash... Additional Info... KCSO Responds to Drowning at Campbell Lake We extend our condolences to the family and friends of the young man who died this afternoon at Campbell Lake. Losing a loved one is very difficult, and we recognize the impact this has on those who knew him. Additional Info... Statement from Kent County Sheriff Michelle LaJoye-Young We are aware that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) recently included Kent County on a list of “sanctuary jurisdictions.” While it remains unclear why Kent County was added, we want to be clear: Kent County is not—and has never been... Additional Info... KCSO Arrests Local Social Worker for Inappropriate Communications with Minors The Sheriff’s Office coordinated the arrest of 26-year-old Dequindre Malik Wiggins, of Grand Rapids, MI, following an ongoing investigation into inappropriate communications with multiple juveniles... Additional Info... Sheriff's Office Joins Statewide "Click It or Ticket" Seat Belt Enforcement Campaign The Sheriff's Office (KCSO) is participating in the Michigan Office of Highway Safety Planning's "Click It or Ticket" campaign, running from May 19 through June 1, 2025. Additional Info... Fatal Motorcycle Crash in Courtland Township On May 10, 2025, at approximately 2:00 p.m., deputies responded to a crash at the intersection of Northland Drive and 13 Mile Road in Courtland Township. Additional Info... School Bus Crash in Spencer Township Causes Minor Injuries On May 5, 2025, at approximately 3:10 p.m., deputies responded to a single-vehicle crash involving a Greenville Public Schools bus on Lincoln Lake Avenue, just north of 17 Mile Road, in Spencer Township. Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Fatal Crash in Alpine Township On Tuesday, April 29, 2025, at 3:52 p.m., deputies from the Kent County Sheriff’s Office responded to a two-vehicle crash at the intersection of 6 Mile Road NW and Bristol Avenue NW in Alpine Township... Additional Info... UPDATE: Domestic Shooting Suspect in Custody The Kent County Sheriff’s Office has located and arrested 39-year-old Andres Simon-Salgado, who was wanted for questioning in connection to the domestic-related shooting that occurred early this morning in Spencer Township... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Domestic Shooting; Search Underway for Suspect Just after midnight, deputies responded to a report of a shooting in the 17000 block of Keller Avenue NE in Spencer Township. Initial investigation indicates the incident stemmed from a domestic dispute between two adults in the home... Additional Info... Snapchat Threat Toward Middle School Leads to Juvenile Arrest On April 20, 2024, the Kent County Sheriff’s Office received a tip via OK2SAY regarding a threat made on Snapchat. The post contained a specific threat to Pinewood Middle School... Additional Info... Focused on Safety: KCSO Distracted Driving Enforcement Underway The Sheriff’s Office is working to reduce distracted driving crashes by participating in a statewide enforcement campaign led by the Michigan Office of Highway Safety Planning (OHSP). Throughout the month of April, additional deputies will be... Additional Info... KCSO Investigating Overnight Fatal Crash On March 29, 2025, at approximately 12:45 a.m., deputies were dispatched to a head-on crash involving a sedan and a motorhome near 10 Mile Road NE and the Belmont Bypass in Algoma Township. Upon arrival, both vehicles were fully engulfed in flames. Additional Info... One Killed in Head-On Crash in Spencer Township On March 27, 2025, shortly after 3:00 p.m., deputies responded to a head-on crash near the intersection of Lincoln Lake Avenue NE and 19 Mile Road NE involving an SUV and a pickup truck. Additional Info... KCSO Investigates Shooting in Byron Township On 3/18/2025 at 5:38 p.m., Kent County Sheriff’s Office deputies responded to reports of gunfire in Cutler Estates Mobile Home Village near Spear Street SW and Fork Avenue SW. Multiple callers reported hearing several gunshots in the area. Additional Info... Victim Identified in Byron Township Death Investigation Our Sheriff’s Office has identified the individual found deceased on March 11, 2025, in a wooded area near the 6200 block of Kenowa Avenue SW as 37-year-old Eulices Delarosa of Comstock Park... Additional Info... Suspect Arraigned in Alpine Township Shooting That Left One Dead, Two Injured On 2/22/2025 at approximately 2:31 a.m., deputies responded to the 4500 block of Tabor Rd NW in Alpine Township after a neighbor reported hearing a loud, suspicious noise. A second call from an involved victim soon after stated a shooting... Additional Info... Update: Suspect In Custody from Alpine Township Shooting That Left One Dead, Two Injured The suspect involved in this morning’s shooting in Alpine Township was taken into custody shortly after 7:00 a.m. There are no other suspects being sought at this time. The two victims who sustained serious injuries are now in stable... Additional Info... County Hires New Deputy Emergency Management Coordinator Kent County is pleased to announce the hiring of Chad Tackett as the new Deputy Emergency Management Coordinator. With three decades of experience in fire service and emergency management... Additional Info... Update: Byron Township Man Charged With Open Murder On Feb. 16, 2025, the Sheriff's Office was dispatched to a shooting incident with one victim and one suspect in the 300 block of N Harewood Dr SW, Byron Township. The suspect had fled the scene prior to police arrival. Investigation revealed... Additional Info... Man Shot, Suspect In Custody In Byron Township Our Sheriff's Office shooting investigation in Byron Township is now being investigated as a homicide after the victim passed away. On 2/16/2025 around 5:35 PM, Kent County Sheriff's Office was called to a home at the Camelot Manor Mobile... Additional Info... Update RE: One Dead, One Injured In Lowell On the night of February 10, 2025, at approximately 10:30 pm, Lowell Police responded to a domestic disturbance call in the 800 block of W Main St. Officers spoke with the female caller down the street from her home... Additional Info... Statement Regarding Michigan House Resolution 19 - February 11, 2025 Kent County has always and will continue to strive to ensure we comply with all federal laws and executive orders. First and foremost, Kent County is not and has never been a sanctuary county... Additional Info... One Dead, One Injured In Lowell At approximately 3:55 a.m., a passing ambulance crew discovered a small SUV off the roadway near 800 W Main St SE. They stopped to check the vehicle and found it unoccupied, but observed signs indicating that an occupant may have been injured inside. Additional Info... Police identify woman killed after car strikes deer, rolls over A Lowell woman died late Tuesday, Feb. 4, after her car struck a deer and rolled over into a wooded area, sheriff’s deputies said. The victim was identified as Suzanna Cooper, 36. Kent County sheriff’s deputies responded around 10:35 p.m. for a crash... Additional Info... Fatal Single-Vehicle Crash in Vergennes Township The Kent County Sheriff’s Office is investigating a fatal single-vehicle crash that occurred last night in Vergennes Township. On Feb. 4, 2025, at approximately 10:35 p.m., deputies responded to a crash on Vergennes Street near Flat River Drive. Additional Info... Kent County Sheriff's Office Investigates Overnight Fatal Crash On Friday, January 31, 2025, at approximately 10:40 p.m., deputies from the Kent County Sheriff’s Office responded to a single-vehicle crash near 100th St SW west of Homrich Ave SW in Byron Township. Additional Info... Pedestrian Struck in Byron Township At approximately 9:50 AM this morning, a bystander stopped to assist the occupants of a grey Chevrolet Traverse involved in a crash in the 500 block of 100th Street SW. While outside his vehicle checking on the occupants... Additional Info... Kent County Sheriff's Office Responds to Domestic Incident Involving Gunfire Shortly after midnight, deputies from the Kent County Sheriff’s Office (KCSO) responded to reports of gunfire in the 600 block of Fresno Circle, where a woman was seen fleeing from a residence. Additional Info... Cedar Springs Man Arrested Following Early Morning Pursuit Around 4:00 AM this morning a Kent County deputy attempted to perform a traffic stop on a black Chrysler 300 near Plainfield Ave and Vista Springs Ave for driving without its headlights on, but the vehicle did not stop. Additional Info... KCSO Investigates Fatal Crash in Spencer Township Around 7:40 PM tonight, the Kent County Sheriff's Office (KCSO) responded to an accident involving two vehicles at the intersection of Lincoln Lake Ave and 17 Mile Rd. Tragically, a 15-year-old boy from Grand Rapids... Additional Info... KCSO Arrests Two Men In Connection with Bank Robbery This afternoon, the Kent County Sheriff’s Office (KCSO) arrested a 25-year-old man and a 19-year-old man from Mecosta County in connection with the bank robbery that occurred on December 30, 2024. Additional Info... KCSO Investigates Bank Robbery in Sand Lake The Kent County Sheriff's Office is actively investigating a bank robbery that occurred this afternoon, around 12:00 PM at the Independent Bank in Sand Lake. We do not have any reason to believe the community is at risk... Additional Info... Several Vehicles Stolen Overnight, 19-Year-Old Woman from Detroit in Custody December 9, 2024 Just before 2:00 AM this morning, the Kent County Sheriff's Office (KCSO) responded to a break-in at Comodo Motors in Caledonia after the owner witnessed multiple suspects stealing vehicles through a live surveillance system. Read More... Rockford Man Arrested for Soliciting Teens for Illicit Images December 2, 2024 This afternoon, the KCSO arrested a 20-year-old Rockford man on charges of child sexually abusive activity and using a computer to commit a crime. Read More... LMCU's Christmas Light Display Vandalized Overnight November 27, 2024 The KCSO is investigating the significant damage to the LMCU Ballpark's Christmas Light Display. Read More... Cedar Springs Man Attacks Grand Rapids Township Fire Lieutenant November 23, 2024 The Kent County Sheriff's Office was called to the Grand Rapids Township Fire Department requesting assistance at their fire station, located at 1836 East Beltline Ave, for a 40-year-old Cedar Springs man who was suicidal. Read More... KCSO Investigates Tragic Double Fatal Accident Just after 10:30 AM this morning, the KCSO responded to a single car accident where a 36-year-old woman and her 17-month-old baby were tragically killed. Our preliminary investigation revealed the father, a 40-year-old man... Additional Info... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Leadership Team Michelle LaJoye-Young Sheriff Bryan Muir Undersheriff Lyndsie Cole Chief Deputy Jason Kelley Chief Deputy Upcoming Events Sign up today Events Events June 2026 Su M Tu W Th F Sa 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 There are no published events in current month. View All /Calendar.aspx Sheriff's Office 701 Ball Avenue NE Grand Rapids, MI 49503 Locations and Hours Phone: 616-632-6100 Fax: 616-632-6122 Inmate Lookup FOIA Careers Recognize an Employee /QuickLinks.aspx Home FOIA Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy SMS Terms & Conditions /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Copyright © 2026 County of Kent. All rights reserved. | Employee Intranet Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow