Inmate Rights & Responsibilities - Indiana County Pennsylvania Skip to content Indiana County Jail Indiana County Jail Inmate Rights & Responsibilities Visitation Times Contact Info Warden : Lesley S. Loveridge 665 Hood School Rd. Indiana, PA 15701 Phone: (724) 471-7500 Administration Fax: (724) 471-7303 Records Dept. Fax: (724) 471-7306 Business Hours: Monday through Friday 8:30 A.M. to 4:00 P.M. Visiting Hours: Posted on every housing unit Inmate Rights, Privileges and Responsibilities Your Rights, Privileges and Responsibilities Rights Be treated impartially and justly A nutritionally adequate diet Clean and adequately fitting clothes Personal grooming choices regarding appearance, which are limited only by facility requirements for safety, security, identification or hygiene Receive and send mail, including sealed correspondence with public officials, attorneys, officers of the court, and other members of the legal system, subject to necessary limitations with respect to contraband and/or inflammatory materials. Have visits with friends and family within the guidelines established for the program. Visits can and will be limited or suspended due to inappropriate behavior. Be addressed by name rather than in a derogatory manner Be supervised by staff, not inmates Be free from corporal punishment, deliberate personal injury, deliberate property damage, harassment or use of excessive force by staff Be free from discrimination based on race, religion, national origin, sex, age, physical or mental limitations or political views in administrative decisions and access to programs, services, and privileges Have access to a grievance system Have access to legal counsel through unmonitored telephone calls (upon request from your attorney), unrestricted correspondence with attorneys and private visits except where reasons for restrictions exist Have access to legal materials Exercise, except when correctional interests dictate Have voluntary access to clergy and religious services Have access to healthcare Privileges You will have the opportunity to earn many privileges; however, they may be restricted or denied as a result of abusing the privilege, unacceptable institutional adjustment, misconduct or to ensure the orderly operation of the facility. These privileges may include, but are not limited to: Commissary Dayroom activities Recreational activities General use of the telephones Participation in programs Receipt of personal publications is prohibited. However; books, magazines, newspapers and other publications are available on the inmate tablet system Inmate work programs Responsibilities In conjunction with your rights and privileges, you have responsibilities. You have the responsibility to cooperate with any staff member. Generally, your behavior should be the same as that which is expected of any good citizen in the community. You should: Be respectful of others Obey the rules of the facility Obey the laws of the civilian community Not infringe upon another’s rights or privileges Cooperate with staff at all times Be familiar with all the rules and regulations of the facility YOU will be held responsible and accountable for all of your actions and behavior during your stay at the Indiana County Jail. These listing can also be found in the Inmate Handbook available for download.