Sheriff | Columbia County, WA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff Columbia County Sheriff's Office The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is located in the ground floor of the Columbia County Courthouse. The front desk (Civil Office) is open Monday through Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. and closed for the noon hour. As of March of 2023, Columbia County Sheriff's Office has closed our jail. Inmates are now being transported and held in the Walla Walla County Corrections facility. For information pertaining to an inmate, please contact Walla Walla County Corrections at 509 524-5430, or an Inmate Search can be found on their website through this link: Walla Walla County Corrections Find important information and resources on our Links Page! Follow the Columbia County Sheriff's Office on Facebook ! Make Payments Simply. The Columbia County Sheriff's Office now accepts credit and debit card payments through GovPayNet. Payments can be made with a major credit, debit or prepaid debit card, including: Payments can be made for all civil services. *Note: Credit/Debit card payments for Concealed Pistol Licenses, fingerprinting, photocopies or payment of civil process fees must be transacted in person at the Columbia County Sheriff's Office. GovPayNet is a privately contracted credit and debit card processor under an agreement with the agency intended to receive payment. If the GovPayNet payment is bail or bail related, GovPayNet is the merchant of record, providing a remote cash bail processing service. For all other payments, the collecting agency is the merchant. If you have any questions about GovPayNet's role, please discuss them with the contracting agency. Contact Us Joseph A. Helm Sheriff Email Sheriff Physical Address View Map 341 E. Main St. Suite 1 Dayton , WA 99328 341 E. Main St. Suite 1 Dayton WA 99328 Directions Phone: (509) 382-2518 / 1100 Fax: (509) 382-4765 Emergency Phone: 911 Hours Monday through Friday 8:30 am to 4:30 pm In case of emergency, dial 911. Communications Center Phone: (509) 382-2518 Administration Phone: (509) 382-1100 Directory What are the times I can be fingerprinted? How do I apply for a concealed pistol license? View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx MEETINGS AND AGENDAS View agendas and minutes ONLINE PAYMENTS Make a Payment Online! TRAVEL & ROAD CONDITIONS Get the latest updates! PROPERTY TAX SEARCH Explore our tax lookup for your records Physical addresses can be found on each department's respective page Center for Disease Control Public Health Facebook Page Dayton General Hospital Department of Health National Night Out /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow