Sheriff’s Office - Gladwin County 17th Probate Court 55th Circuit Court 80th District Court Animal Shelter / Control Construction Codes County Clerk Drain Commission Emergency Management Equalization Friend of the Court Heartland Material Management Plan Prosecuting Attorney Register of Deeds Sheriff’s Office, Corrections / Jail Treasurer Veterans Affairs Zoning Commissioners Weekly Meeting Schedule Board of Commissioners Annual Resolutions About Us About Gladwin County Bid Opportunities Elections Forms & Notices Job Opportunities Linked Resources Tourism Events Areas of Interest Cities & Townships State & Federal Departments 17th Probate Court 55th Circuit Court 80th District Court Animal Shelter / Control Construction Codes County Clerk Drain Commission Emergency Management Equalization Friend of the Court Heartland Material Management Plan Prosecuting Attorney Register of Deeds Sheriff’s Office, Corrections / Jail Treasurer Veterans Affairs Zoning Commissioners Weekly Meeting Schedule Board of Commissioners Annual Resolutions About Us About Gladwin County Bid Opportunities Elections Forms & Notices Job Opportunities Linked Resources Tourism Events Areas of Interest Cities & Townships State & Federal Gladwin County Sheriff’s Office The office of the Sheriff is established by Michigan Constitution and is responsible for the enforcement of the laws throughout the County. His duties include the administration of the County Jail and patrol of the County roads. He operates the marine safety, jail treatment and other law enforcement related programs as allowed by statute. Department Contacts Michael Shea, County Sheriff 501 West Cedar Avenue, Gladwin, MI 48624 Phone: 989.426.9284 James Cuddie, Undersheriff Chad Smith, Lieutenant Emergency: Dial 911 Non-Emergency: 989.426.9284 Fax: 989.426.1173 Certified Law Enforcement Division: 989.426.9284 Mike Brubaker, Administrator Central Dispatch: 989.426.9284 Matthew McGourty, Administrator Gladwin County Jail: 989.426.7121 Civil Process: 989.426.6908 Lobby Hours The hours of operation for sex offender verification, non court ordered fingerprints and pistol purchase permits are Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday from 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., and Tuesday from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Jail/Corrections Information How to add money to an inmate’s account 1.866.422.6833 Or www.expressaccount.com Jail Visitation and Inmate Phones Combined Public Communications Customer Service 1.866.340.7879 Funds for tablets www.Inmatesales.com 702.829.3001 Inmate Mail To send mail to an inmate housed within the Gladwin County Jail, please send mail to the following address: Gladwin County Jail (Insert Inmate Name) 501 W Cedar Ave. Gladwin Michigan 48624 Jail Location 501 W Cedar Ave. Gladwin Michigan 48624 The Gladwin County Jail is a correctional facility located in the city of Gladwin with a designated capacity to accommodate 72 adult offenders. The facility houses both local offenders and inmates transferred from other counties and jurisdictions. We are committed to ensuring a safe, humane and secure environment for inmates in our custody. Our dedicated staff works diligently to promote rehabilitation and reduce recidivism while upholding the rights and dignity of all individuals incarcerated in our facility. Inmates at the Gladwin County Jail are primarily those awaiting their pre-trial hearings, under detention or serving sentences of one year or less. To support the personal development of our inmates, we offer a range of educational programs, including General Education Studies, Substance Abuse Counseling and Mental Health Classes. Additionally, we provide essential medical and mental health services as needed. Our facility also welcomes the involvement of local chaplains and clergy, who offer spiritual guidance and support to inmates during their time here. Online Processing A private online payment service is available, for a fee, to those who wish to pay with credit cards. Payment may be made via phone at 888.604.7888 or online via www.GovPayNOW.com . When asked to provide a Payment Location Code use A000HZ for Civil Paper Service or A000HY for all other Sheriff’s Fees. A notice of payment is faxed directly to the Sheriff’s Office specifying the time and date the payment was made. The service fee will also be charged to your credit card. Most major credit cards are accepted: Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express. Pay Online Pricing Paper Service : $26 flat fee + mileage Concealed Weapons Fingerprints : $15 All Other Non-criminal Prints : $65 Notary Service : $5 per page Purchase Permit : $5 + notary fee Police Reports : $10 first page + $1 each additional page Room & Board : $10 per day FOIA : amount varies – contact office Useful Links Job Application FOIA-Freedom of Information Act requests can be submitted via email to cosheriff@gladwincounty-mi.gov Sex Offender Registration Traffic Crash Reporting System Background Checks Search the County of Gladwin Search Treasurer's Office - Tax Foreclosure Class Action Settlement Gladwin County is participating in a settlement of claims for surplus proceeds from tax foreclosure auctions before 2021. The settlement is for properties that were sold for more than the outstanding taxes and expenses between 2013 and 2020. Class members are persons or entities that had an ownership interest in the property. The case is Fox, et al. v. Saginaw, County, et al. Case No. 1:19-cv-11887, pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. More information is available at the official website for this settlement, which can be found at the link below. Read more Close Emergency Business Contact Information Business Name Business Address Business Phone Email Address Defibrillator on site? Defibrillator on site? Yes No Defibrillator location *If an alarm is associated with the premises, please list the following: Alarm company Alarm company telephone Emergency Contacts Name Phone number Name Phone number Name Phone number Accuracy of this information will serve as a useful aid in the event of an emergency on premise. If at any time the above information changes, it shall be the responsibility of the business to verify and update the above information. Send