Sheriff's Office | Franklin County, WA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Mission We, the members of the Franklin County Sheriff's Office, are dedicated to "Serve and Protect" the citizens of Franklin County and its visitors with honor, integrity and trust. Vision The Franklin County Sheriff's Office will set the standard in public safety through innovation, flexibility, and community partnership. We will hold ourselves accountable while promoting an environment that ensures public safety while treating people with respect and dignity. Core Values Honor : We will lead by example and dedicate ourselves to excellence in the performance of our duties. Integrity : We will interact with our citizens and each other in an ethical, considerate and compassionate manner. Trust : We will strive to promote a culture of transparency, fostering trust and respect with the people we serve. Policy Manuals To maximize transparency within our community, all of the Sheriff's Office Law Enforcement and Corrections policies are available for public review. View the Franklin County Sheriff's Office Policy Manuals online. Annual Reports Information on the department's operations and activities, updated annually. View the Annual Reports Archive . Budgeting Information $18,480,816 operations budget (2023) 3 Operational Divisions with 96 employees: Law Enforcement Division Corrections Division Civil & Records Division View the 2024 Budget View the proposed 2025 Budget Third Party Links Notice The Franklin County Sheriff's Office (FCSO) provides links to internet sites and data maintained by third parties. These links are provided as a courtesy and convenience to you. FCSO does not operate or control any of these sites, and cannot be responsible for their content or availability. Moreover, in no way should an external link be considered any form of endorsement by the FCSO. The FCSO official website is a limited public forum. Contact Us Jim Raymond Sheriff Email Jim Raymond Sheriff Physical Address View Map 1016 N 4th Avenue D201 Pasco , WA 99301 1016 N 4th Avenue D201 Pasco WA 99301 Directions Phone: 509-545-3501 Emergency Phone: 911 Hours Monday through Friday 8:30 am to 4 pm Other Contacts Records: 509-545-3501 Civil Division: 509-545-3565 Non-Emergency Dispatch: 509-628-0333 Corrections: 509-545-3549 Directory Connell Police Department Pasco Police Department Benton County Sheriff's Office Kennewick Police Department Richland Police Department Washington State Patrol Victim Information and Notification - VINELink OffenderWatch - Local Sex Offender Information Washington State Attorney General Washington State Department of Licensing Washington State Department of Transportation - Traffic Conditions Support, Advocacy, and Resource Center (SARC) PublicSafetyTesting.com - Employment Application Start Your Recovery - Substance Abuse Recovery Resources Make the Connection Courts Elections Notify Me® Report a Concern Franklin County Courthouse 1016 N 4th Avenue Pasco, WA 99301 View Map Calendar Contact Us Public Records Alerts /QuickLinks.aspx Franklin County Instagram Franklin County Sheriff Planning And Economic Development HAPO Center Elections Commissioners Elections Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow