About Us | Clay County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home About Us About Us Location Located along the Interstate 94 corridor, Clay County serves as a major regional center for commercial, industrial, residential, higher learning, and service sectors in west central Minnesota. Agricultural and food products are the key components of the local economy. As a home to the Historical and Cultural Society of Clay County , Buffalo River State Park , Western Minnesota Steam Thresher's Reunion , and the Clay County Fair , Clay County offers numerous cultural and recreational opportunities for area residents. Geographically, Clay County is well connected by the interstate corridors (I-94 and I-29), freight and passenger rail service, and Hector International Airport . With a favorable business climate and ample housing choices, in urban as well as rural settings, Clay County is an ideal place to live, work and raise a family. Community Resources As a part of the Moorhead, Minnesota - Fargo, North Dakota metropolitan area (population approximately 200,699), Clay County residents have access to: Four institutions of higher learning Several state of the art medical facilities An international airport Several sports teams (school, college and professional) Arts, music and cultural events Clay County Facts Topic Fact County Seat Moorhead Census 2024 Estimated Population 66,848 Area 1,053 Square Miles Acres 673,733.71 North / South Length 36 Miles East / West Length 30 Miles Number of Cities 11 Number of Townships 30 Number of Lakes (Over 25 Acres) 110 Clay County Mission Statement Clay County is dedicated to providing services to the public in an efficient, responsible and professional manner. Services will be delivered in a caring, humane environment. The county is dedicated to providing a work environment where we respect the dignity, and recognize the merit of each individual employee. Clay County is committed to a policy of open government. DMV GIS Mapping Report a Concern PO Box 280 Moorhead, MN 56560 Phone: 218-299-5012 Directory Get Directions Home Site Map Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy (PDF) /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close //MonsidoScript#722270 Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow