Sheriff | Loudoun County, VA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Report a Crime Become a Deputy Crime Dashboard Report a Traffic or E-Bike Complaint LCSO DIVISIONS FIND MY STATION ALERT LOUDOUN COMPLIMENTS CORNER . Sheriff's Office News LCSO Investigating Fatal Crash in Chantilly The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal crash between a motorcycle and SUV that occurred at the intersection of Tall Cedars Parkway and South Riding Boulevard in Chantilly on June 17, 2026. Read on... LCSO Welcomes 19 New Deputies The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is proud to announce that 19 new deputies graduated today from the 154th session of the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Training Academy (NVCJTA) in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Launches Proactive E-Bike Safety Program The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has launched a proactive e-bike safety program aimed at addressing the growing number of community concerns about dangerous e-bike activity across the county — particularly by juveniles. Read on... LCSO Investigating Single-Vehicle Crash at Sterling Goodwill The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a crash that occurred on the 45000 block of Manifest Boulevard in Sterling on June 10, 2026. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff's Office Investigating Fatal Motorcycle Crash Leesburg, VA (June 8, 2026) – The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is continuing to investigate a fatal single-vehicle motorcycle crash that occurred on Sunday, May 31, 2026, at approximately 2:10 a.m. Read on... LCSO Arrests Ashburn Man on Child Pornography and Related Charges The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has arrested Jann Karlos Ramirez Ayala, 37, of Ashburn, in connection with multiple crimes against children and animals in Loudoun County. Read on... LCSO Welcomes 3 New Corrections Deputies Three new deputies officially joined the ranks of the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) today after graduating from the 154th session of the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Training Academy Deputy School in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Investigating Crash in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a crash involving four vehicles at the intersection of Nokes Boulevard and Atlantic Boulevard in Sterling on May 27, 2026. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff's Office Seeks Witnesses to Ashburn Pedestrian Incident The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office is continuing to investigate an incident that occurred at the intersection of Farmwell Drive and Hemingway Drive in Ashburn on May 21, 2026. Read on... LCSO Charges Juvenile for Unlawful Filming The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has charged a juvenile male pursuant to the unlawful filming investigation involving Freedom High School. Read on... LCSO Seeks Information Related to Indicted Real Estate Scammer The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is seeking information from the public related to the indictment of Kimberly Vu. Read on... LCSO Recognizes Graduates of 67th Basic Crisis Intervention Training Class The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) recognized the graduates of Loudoun’s 67th Basic Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) Class during a ceremony held Friday at the LCSO Ashburn Station. Read on... LCSO Arrests LCPS Substitute Teacher The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) arrested a Loudoun County Public Schools Substitute Teacher on April 20, 2026. Read on... LCSO Arrests Two in Connection with Jewelry Thefts The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has arrested Denisa Ghiocel, 31, and Dorel Ghiocel, 34, both of no fixed address, following an attempted jewelry robbery yesterday in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Investigating Barricade Incident in Hamilton Connected to Middleburg Bank Robbery The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is investigating a barricade incident that occurred in the 200 block of South Saint Paul Street in Hamilton, Virginia, on April 14, 2026. Read on... LCSO Investigating a Stabbing in Lovettsville The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a stabbing that occurred on April 12, 2026. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Single-Vehicle Crash in Leesburg The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal single-vehicle crash that occurred early Wednesday morning. Read on... LCSO Arrests Two Juveniles for Armed Robbery in Brambleton The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has arrested two 15-year-old males following an investigation into an armed robbery at the Filling Co. gas station located at 42315 Soave Drive in Brambleton that occurred on March 4, 2026. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Motorcycle Crash in Chantilly The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal crash involving a motorcycle that occurred Tuesday evening, March 10, 2026, in the Chantilly area of Loudoun County. Read on... Loudoun Sheriff Supports First Step to Close SRO Gaps, Urges More The longstanding gaps in School Resource Officer (SRO) service to Loudoun County public schools were addressed in part yesterday by a bipartisan majority of the Board of Supervisors (BOS) passing a stopgap measure to fund the hiring of six new SROs. Read on... LCSO Recognizes Graduates of 66th Basic Crisis Intervention Training Class Loudoun County, VA (March 6, 2026): The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) hosted the graduation ceremony for Loudoun’s 66th Basic Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) Class on Friday, March 6, 2026, at the LCSO Ashburn Station in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Members Recognized Through Virginia Sheriffs’ Institute Certification Program The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is pleased to announce that nine members of the agency have been named to the 2026 class of the Virginia Sheriffs’ Institute (VSI) Certification Program. Read on... LCSO Investigating a Fatal Shooting in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal shooting that occurred on the 200 block of Silverleaf Drive in Sterling early this morning, March 2, 2026. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Robbery in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is investigating an armed robbery that occurred Friday evening, February 27, 2026, at a Verizon store located on the 21000 block of Epicerie Plaza in Sterling. Read on... LCSO Charges Maintenance Vehicle Driver in Fatal Crash The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has charged the driver of a Loudoun County Public Schools (LCPS) maintenance vehicle involved in the fatal collision with a pedestrian that occurred at the intersection of Claiborne Parkway and Portsmouth Boulevard. Read on... LCSO Arrests Armed Suspect Following Incident on Metro Train at Ashburn Station LCSO deputies arrested an armed suspect after reports he displayed a knife on a Metro train at Ashburn Station. The investigation also revealed an alleged assault involving a child, and multiple charges have been filed. Read on... Sheriff Chapman Supports Proposed Loudoun County Budget for Including SROs for Elementary Schools Loudoun County Sheriff Mike Chapman reiterated his support for a comprehensive proposal to expand SROs into Loudoun’s public elementary schools over the next four years, beginning with the FY27 county budget. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Vehicle Crash in Bluemont The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal crash involving a commercial motor vehicle, equipped with a snowplow and salt spreader, and a pickup truck on Leesburg Pike (Route 7). Read on... Sheriff Chapman Announces Elementary School SRO Proposal, Highlights Public Safety Success Earlier today at the State of Law Enforcement Forum, Sheriff Chapman announced a plan to expand School Resource Officers into Loudoun elementary schools, building on major public safety gains and a continued focus on prevention and partnership. Read on... LCSO Identifies Victim in Fatal Pedestrian-Involved Crash The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) continues to investigate the crash that occurred this morning at the intersection of Claiborne Parkway and Portsmouth Boulevard in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Investigating a Fatal Pedestrian-Involved Crash in Ashburn The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal crash that occurred this morning at the intersection of Claiborne Parkway and Portsmouth Boulevard in Ashburn. Read on... Enrollment Opens January 12 for the LCSO 55th Citizens’ Police Academy The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is now accepting applications for its 55th Citizens’ Police Academy, which will begin on Thursday, March 5, 2026, and run through May 21, 2026. Read on... LCSO Charges Bus Driver in Fatal Crash The LCSO has charged the driver of a Loudoun County Transit bus involved in the fatal collision with a pedestrian that occurred on December 1, 2025, on Croson Lane near Moorefield Boulevard. Read on... LCSO Names Attempted Bank Robbery/Shooting Suspect The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is providing an update to the officer-involved shooting that occurred earlier today. Read on... LCSO Investigating Shooting at Leesburg Walmart On Tuesday at 11:39 a.m., Loudoun County Detectives, deputies, and special agents from the FBI located a suspect in the parking lot of the Leesburg Walmart, believed to be connected to an attempted bank robbery at the Bank of America at Dulles Crossing. Read on... LCSO Investigating Attempted Bank Robbery The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office responded to an attempted bank robbery at the Bank of America at 45470 Dulles Crossing Plaza in Sterling at approximately 4:00 p.m. Read on... LCSO to Host Training Exercises at the Loudoun County Courthouse The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) and the Loudoun County Combined Fire and Rescue System (LC-CFRS) will be conducting active violence training exercises at the Loudoun County Courthouse. Read on... LCSO Arrests Three Suspects Linked to Copper Theft Ring The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has arrested three individuals connected to a copper wire theft ring responsible for over $3 million in losses throughout the region, and primarily in Loudoun County. Read on... LCSO Files Additional Charge in Brambleton Fatal Crash The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has filed an additional charge against the driver involved in a fatal single-vehicle crash that occurred late Saturday night, December 20, 2025, on Olympia Drive at Ringneck Place in Brambleton. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Vehicle Crash in Brambleton The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal single-vehicle crash on Olympia Drive at the intersection of Ringneck Place in Brambleton that occurred at approximately 11:59 pm on Saturday, December 20, 2025. Read on... LCSO and LCPS Recognize ADC Inmate Graduation Milestone An inmate at the Adult Detention Center earned a Loudoun County high school diploma, marking the first time this has occurred at the facility. Read on... Loudoun County Resident Pens Original Song Honoring the LCSO Just in time for the holidays, a local musician delivered an unexpected gift to the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO); an original song that celebrates the deputies who serve and protect Loudoun County. Read on... LCSO Welcomes 21 New Deputies LCSO welcomed 21 new deputies who graduated from the 153rd session of the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Training Academy. The deputies will now begin agency-specific field and classroom training in Loudoun County. Read on... LCSO Recognizes Graduates of 65th Crisis Intervention Training Program The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is proud to announce the graduation of seven sworn and civilian LCSO personnel from the 65th Basic Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) program. Read on... LCSO Captain Completes Elite FBI National Academy Program Captain Joshua Lowder, Station Commander for the Western Loudoun Station, has graduated from the FBI National Academy's 296th session in Quantico, Virginia. Read on... LCSO Investigating Stabbing in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a stabbing that occurred on Sunday, December 7, 2025. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Pedestrian-Involved Crash The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal crash involving a pedestrian that occurred on Monday, December 1, 2025. Read on... LCSO Welcomes 7 New Deputies Welcome our newest Courts and Corrections deputies. Seven graduates officially joined LCSO today after completing training at the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Training Academy in Ashburn. See the full release for names and honors. Read on... LCSO Arrests Ashburn Volunteer Fire and Rescue Chief for Embezzlement The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has arrested Ashburn Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department (AVFRD) Chief, William Graham II, 66, of Ashburn, following an investigation into embezzlement of station funds. Read on... LCSO Seeks Additional Victims Related to Arrest of South Riding Man The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is seeking additional victims of Vinod Kumar, 56, of South Riding. Kumar was arrested on November 7, 2025, for Aggravated Sexual Battery of a Minor. Read on... LCSO Makes Arrest in Sterling Road Rage Incident The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has made an arrest following an investigation into a confrontation on November 5, 2025, in Sterling. Read on... LCSO Arrests Seneca Ridge Middle School Teacher Assistant for Intoxication The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has arrested a Seneca Ridge Middle School teacher assistant for Intoxication in Public while at school. Read on... LCSO Arrests Two Juveniles in Connection with Armed Robberies in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has arrested two juvenile males following an investigation into armed robberies at two 7-Eleven locations in Sterling, including an incident that occurred in the early morning of November 4, 2025. Read on... LCPS School Bus Driver Charged with Assault of Student A bus driver with Loudoun County Public Schools (LCPS) has been charged after an investigation determined he assaulted an elementary school student. Read on... Arrest Made in Fatal Three Alarm Sterling Fire A joint investigation by the Loudoun County Fire and Rescue Fire Marshal’s Office (LCFR-FMO) and the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has determined that last Friday’s fatal three alarm fire in Sterling was intentional, and a suspect is in custody Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Shooting in Ashburn The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) continues to investigate the shooting that occurred this morning, October 25, 2025, on the 20000 block of Timber Ridge Terrace in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Robbery in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating an armed robbery that occurred early this morning, October 21, 2025, on the 46000 block of Woodshire Drive in Sterling. Read on... Juvenile Charged with Bringing a Weapon to the Academies of Loudoun A 17-year-old student at the Academies of Loudoun was charged with Possession of a Weapon on School Property after a firearm and ammunition were found in his vehicle. There is no indication that he made threats toward the school or any individuals. Read on... LCSO Arrests Ashburn Man, Seizes Drugs, Firearms, and Equipment The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has arrested James Lamarr McTillman, 39, of Ashburn, and seized large quantities of narcotics, firearms, and other items following a weeks-long investigation into cocaine distribution. Read on... LCSO Seeks Public's Help in Hit-and-Run Investigation The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is investigating a hit-and-run crash that left a pedestrian with life-threatening injuries early this morning. Read on... LCSO Recognizes Graduates of 64th Crisis Intervention Training Program The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is proud to announce the graduation of 20 sworn and civilian personnel from the 64th Basic Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) program. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff's Office Earns Prestigious Emergency Dispatch Accreditation The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has been recognized by the International Academies of Emergency Dispatch (IAED) as an Accredited Center of Excellence (ACE) for Emergency Police Dispatching, a prestigious milestone. Read on... Loudoun County Fire and Rescue and Sheriff’s Office Conducting Joint Training Exercises rom September 30, 2025, through December 16, 2025, the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) and the Loudoun County Combined Fire and Rescue System (LC-CFRS) will be conducting joint training exercises. Read on... LCSO Deputy Returns Home After Injury The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is pleased to announce that Deputy First Class (DFC) Custodio was released from a local rehabilitation center today as he recovers from injuries sustained in an on-duty motorcycle crash. Read on... LCSO Investigating a Two-Vehicle Crash Involving an LCPS School Bus The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is investigating a two-vehicle crash involving a Loudoun County Public School (LCPS) bus and an SUV that occurred Wednesday afternoon, September 3, 2025. Read on... LCSO Launches Crime Dashboard: New online tool gives residents comprehensive, daily access to detail LCSO has launched the Loudoun County Crime Dashboard, a public website providing up-to-date data on crimes against persons and property, with filters and maps to help residents view trends in their communities. Read on... LCSO Investigating a Single-Vehicle Crash On Saturday, August 23, 2025, at approximately 7:30 p.m., Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) deputies responded to a report of a single-vehicle crash in the 40500 block of Hidden Hills Lane. Read on... Update on LCSO Deputy Injured in Crash The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) continues to investigate a crash that occurred in the area of Mountain Road in Purcellville on August 13, 2025. The incident involved two motorcycles that left both operators injured. Read on... LCSO Deputy Involved in Crash on Mountain Road A deputy with the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) Motor Unit was involved in a two-vehicle crash in the area of Mountain Road between Hyatt Lane and Morrisonville Road this afternoon around 1:00 p.m. Read on... LCSO Charges 12 Vape Shops With Underage Sales Recent LCSO undercover vaping checks found 12 of 31 stores sold to under-21 buyers, including five repeat offenders from last year. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff's Office and Sheriff Chapman Recognized as "Loudoun's Favorites" The annual "Loudoun's Favorites" list by Loudoun Now was announced with the Loudoun County Sheriff's Office earning recognition as Favorite Government Service and Sheriff Mike Chapman honored as Favorite Public Servant for the fifth consecutive year. Read on... LCSO Launches Public Safety Outreach on E-Bikes, Scooters, and Other Devices In response to growing safety concerns on local roads, sidewalks, and trails, the LCSO has launched a public education initiative focused on the safe and lawful use of bicycles, electric scooters, e-bikes, mopeds, and similar devices. Read on... LCSO Arrests Two Suspects in “Felony Lane Gang” Investigation On March 6, 2025, a fraudulent check was cashed at a bank in Sterling in which stolen identification was used. On April 19, 2025, three vehicles were broken into at a farm in Leesburg in which various items were stolen. Read on... LCSO Arrests Suspect in Sterling Bank Robbery The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) arrested David Martinez Peralta, 24, of Sterling, this morning, July 10, 2025, in connection with the May 21, 2025, armed bank robbery in Sterling. Read on... LCSO Investigating Trench Collapse and Fatality in Ashburn At 10:59 a.m., Thursday, April 10, 2025, the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) responded to an emergency in the 19000 block of Belmont Ridge Road in Ashburn, where a trench collapse had trapped a worker underground. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Vehicle Crash in Leesburg The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal collision between a motorcycle and a passenger vehicle that occurred around 1:00 p.m. today. The crash happened at the intersection of Fort Evans Rd. and Forest Spring Dr. in Leesburg. Read on... LCSO Welcomes Graduates of the 151st Session of the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Academy The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) proudly announces the graduation of 14 deputies from the 151st Session of the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Academy (NVCJTA). Read on... LCSO Recognizes Graduates of 61st Crisis Intervention Training Program The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is proud to announce the graduation of 21 sworn and civilian personnel from the 61st Basic Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) program. Read on... LCSO Investigating Road Rage Shooting in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has made two arrests following an investigation into a road rage shooting incident on December 3, 2024, in Sterling. Read on... Suspect in Trump Campaign Office Burglary Arrested in California Toby Shane Kessler, 39, of no fixed address, has been arrested in California in connection with the August 11, 2024, burglary of the local Trump campaign office in Ashburn, Virginia. Read on... LCSO Graduates One from Professional Executive Leadership School The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is proud to announce the graduation of 2nd Lieutenant Jay Conner from the 55th session of the Virginia Police Chiefs Foundation Professional Executive Leadership School (PELS). Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Vehicle Crash in Chantilly The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a fatal single motor vehicle crash that occurred at approximately 12:30 a.m. today at the intersection of the Loudoun County Parkway and Tall Cedars Parkway in Chantilly. Read on... LCSO Investigating Burglary at Silver Eagle Group Shooting Range The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a burglary that occurred Friday, November 15, 2024. Read on... LCSO Charges Suspect in Vandalism of Starbucks in Ashburn The Loudoun County Sheriff's Office (LCSO) has charged a suspect in connection with the vandalism of two Starbucks locations in Ashburn last May. Read on... Statement of Sheriff Mike Chapman Loudoun County, VA (October 25, 2024): Today, I’m pleased to announce the arrest of the suspect in a brutal double homicide in Sterling on August 28th. The suspect is a known MS-13 gang member and was not in our country legally. Read on... LCSO Recognizes Graduates of 60th Crisis Intervention Training Program The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is proud to announce the graduation of 24 sworn and civilian personnel from the 60th Basic Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) program. Read on... Virginia Sheriff’s Institute Recognizes Eight Members of the LCSO Eight members of the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) were recognized today by the prestigious Virginia Sheriff’s Institute (VSI) Certification Program. Read on... LCSO Deputies Honored at 2024 Loudoun Valor Awards Members of the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) were recognized today at the 39th Annual Loudoun County Valor Awards presented by the Loudoun Chamber of Commerce at the National Conference Center in Leesburg. Read on... LCSO Arrests Six for Attempted Indecent Liberties with Minors The LCSO, along with the NoVA—DC Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, concluded a week-long operation during the week of April 8, 2024, that resulted in the arrest of 6 individuals who were attempting to have indecent relations with minors. Read on... Residents Invited to Attend the Sheriff’s Office Quarterly Meetings The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) invites all county residents to attend its quarterly public information safety meetings at each of the agency’s four service areas beginning later this month. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Robbery in Sterling on the W&OD Trail The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating an armed robbery that took place in Sterling on the W&OD Trail between Sterling Boulevard and Church Road in the early evening of April 2, 2024. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Crash in Ashburn The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a crash that occurred last evening in Ashburn involving a motorcycle and another vehicle. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office and Loudoun County Public Schools to Conduct Training Exercise LCSO and LCPS will conduct a Reunification Training Exercise on the morning of April 5, 2024. The participating schools are Newton-Lee Elementary School and Stone Bridge High School in Ashburn. Read on... Major David Hill of Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Graduates from FBI National Academy The LCSO is proud to announce that Maj. David Hill graduated the 289th session of the FBI National Academy in Quantico, Virginia. Major Hill is the 30th member of the LCSO to complete this prestigious program. Read on... First Canine Drug Scan Completed at Loudoun High School The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) announced completion of the first high school drug scan this morning by an LCSO canine team and School Resource Officer (SRO) in collaboration with the Loudoun County Public Schools (LCPS). Read on... LCSO and LC-CFRS Announce dates for 36th Annual McGruff Safety Camp The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) and the Loudoun County Combined Fire and Rescue System (LC-CFRS) are proud to announce the 36th Annual McGruff Safety Camp for the upcoming summer. Read on... Ashburn Homicide Suspect in LCSO Custody The LCSO has Rashaun D. Owens in custody. This afternoon, Owens turned himself in at the Loudoun County Adult Detention Center. He is charged with 2nd Degree Murder, Use of a Firearm in the Commission of a Felony, and Attempted Robbery with a Firearm. Read on... LCSO Investigating Crash and Serious Injury in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating a crash that occurred last evening in Sterling involving a transit bus and a motor vehicle. Read on... UPDATE: Ashburn Homicide Suspect in LCSO Custody Update: Ashburn Homicide Suspect in LCSO Custody. The LCSO is seeking the public’s assistance in locating Rashaun D. Owens in connection with the investigation of a homicide on 02/14/24. Read on... Pedestrian Fatality in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating an early morning fatality in Sterling involving a motor vehicle and a pedestrian. Read on... Sterling Man Shot and Deceased at Ashburn Apartment Complex The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating the death of an adult male in the parking lot of the Ashburn Meadows apartment complex in Ashburn last evening. The deceased has been identified as Michai Dandridge-Carter, 19, of Sterling. Read on... Two Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Crossing Guards Named Among Virginia’s Most Outstanding The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is pleased to announce that two members of our Crossing Guard team have been named among Virginia’s Most Outstanding Crossing Guards for 2023 by the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT). Read on... LCSO Graduates Five Incarcerated Participants From the C.H.A.N.C.E. Program Yesterday, five incarcerated participants graduated from the third class of the Changing Habits and Nurturing Community Engagements (C.H.A.N.C.E.) Program at the Loudoun County Adult Detention Center. Read on... LCSO Deputy Returns Home After Injury On Saturday, January 27, 2024, the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) was honored to provide Master Deputy Jeremy Krapfl with a motor escort home after he spent more than two weeks in a local hospital and rehabilitation facility. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Arrests Fentanyl Dealer This morning, members of the LCSO Drug and Gang Unit and the Tactical Support Unit conducted an arrest and search warrant operation in Aldie, Va. Austin Shin, 24, was taken into custody outside his residence. Read on... Broadlands Man Charged with Trespassing and Wearing Mask on Private Property The LCSO has charged a Broadlands man with Trespassing and Wearing a Mask on Private Property following an investigation into a series of suspicious incidents that occurred on the 15000 block of Berlin Turnpike in Purcellville. Read on... Driver Identified in Sterling Shooting Investigation UPDATE: The driver of the vehicle that was shot at after striking a dog on January 10, 2024, has come forward, and no charges are being filed against him. The dog was unleashed when it ran into the roadway and has been treated by a local veterinarian. Read on... UPDATE: Two LCSO Deputies Injured after Being Struck by Vehicle UPDATE: The juvenile driver has been served with a summons for, Fail to Maintain Proper Control. As it is a juvenile matter, no additional information will be disclosed. One of our deputies remains hospitalized in serious condition. Read on... Sheriff’s Office Courts Deputies Honored at Skyline Regional Criminal Justice Academy Graduation Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) courts recruits were recognized for their leadership roles as they graduated from the fourteenth session of the Skyline Regional Criminal Justice Academy in Middletown, VA, on December 21, 2023. Read on... Arrest Made in May Stabbing Incident The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has made an arrest resulting from a stabbing incident in May 2023. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Robbery of Lucketts Convenience Store The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating an armed robbery that occurred last evening at a convenience store in Lucketts. Read on... LCSO Investigating Robbery and Stabbing in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating a robbery and stabbing that occurred Tuesday evening in Sterling. Read on... Leesburg Man Arrested for Felony Hit & Run and DWI The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has charged a Leesburg man after he fled from deputies who attempted to conduct a traffic stop on Friday, December 8, 2023. Read on... Ashburn Man Arrested for Sexual Battery of Three Women The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has arrested an Ashburn man after separate assaults of three adult females in the Ashburn area on Monday, December 11, 2023. Read on... Eleven New Sheriff’s Deputies Graduate from the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Training Academy Today, eleven new Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Deputies graduated from the 149th Session of the Northern Virginia Criminal Justice Training Academy (NVCJTA). Read on... Juvenile Charged in Non-Fatal Stabbing in Lovettsville The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has charged a juvenile in a non-fatal stabbing that occurred in Lovettsville this past weekend. Read on... LCSO Makes Arrest in Non-Fatal Shooting in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has arrested a suspect in connection with Tuesday night’s shooting in Sterling. Read on... Ashburn Man Arrested for Destruction of Property Incidents The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has arrested an Ashburn man for three incidents of destruction of property, estimated at approximately $20,000. Read on... LCSO Investigating Non-Fatal Shooting in Sterling (suspect photo included) The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is continuing to investigate a shooting in Sterling that left one person seriously injured. Read on... LCSO Graduates One Member from Professional Executive Leadership School The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office graduated one member of the agency’s leadership staff from the 53rd session of the Virginia Police Chiefs Foundation Professional Executive Leadership School (PELS). Read on... Former LCSO Correctional Deputy Charged with Two Offenses The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) has charged a former Correctional Deputy following allegations of sexual battery and delivering an article to an inmate at the Loudoun County Adult Detention Center (ADC). Read on... LCSO Investigating Stabbing in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating a stabbing that occurred in Sterling. Read on... LCSO Kicks Off 2023 Holiday Toy Drive Campaign – The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is asking for your assistance. Please help make this holiday season bright for children at local hospitals by donating to LCSO’s Holiday Toy Drive! Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Investigating Shooting in Sterling, One Person Injured The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating a shooting in Sterling that has left one person injured. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Investigating Gunfire Incident in Ashburn The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating an incident where a residence was damaged by gunfire in Ashburn. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Investigating Gunfire Incident in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating an overnight incident where a residence and a vehicle were damaged by gunfire in Sterling. Read on... Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Announces Women’s Self-Defense Course The LCSO is proud to announce the commencement of a Women’s Self-Defense course on December 7, 2023. Read on... Sheriff’s Office, Loudoun NAACP, and Loudoun Freedom Center Historic Preservation Society Working To In a groundbreaking effort, the LCSO is taking an extraordinary step to investigate a long-standing cold case. Read on... Loudoun Community Partners to Hold Fentanyl Prevention & Awareness Presentation The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office, along with the Loudoun County Public Schools, and the Loudoun County Department of Mental Health, Substance Abuse, and Developmental Services, will be holding a community presentation on the dangers of fentanyl. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Home Invasion in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating an armed robbery home invasion that occurred at a home in the 22100 block of Glenn Drive in Sterling. Read on... Sheriff’s Office Investigating Recent Opioid Overdoses of Park View HS Students The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating at least eight opioid-related overdoses of Park View High School students, seven of which have been reported in the past three weeks. Read on... Update: Multiple Charges Pending on Leesburg Man Following Pursuit A Leesburg man is facing numerous charges by law enforcement agencies after he fled from Loudoun County Sheriff’s Deputies in a stolen vehicle. Read on... Deceased Identified in Fatal Crash The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is releasing the names of the deceased individuals involved in the vehicle crash on Wednesday, October 25, 2023, in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Deputies Join No-Shave November to Raise Cancer Awareness – For the seventh year in a row, members of the LCSO will be putting down their razors and growing out their beards for No-Shave November. Read on... Loudoun Sheriff Announces Victim Advocate Unit The LCSO today announced the launch of a Victim Advocate Unit within its Criminal Investigations Division as a pilot program to better serve victims of domestic violence and related crimes. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Crash Involving a Pedestrian in Ashburn Update: The pedestrian involved in the fatal crash on October 23, 2023, has been identified as 75-year-old, Bimla Agarwal, 75, of Ashburn, VA. Read on... Loudoun County Law Enforcement Partner with DEA for Nationwide Prescription Drug Take-Back Day The LCSO, LPD, and the PPD have once again partnered with the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in the “Take-Back” initiative that seeks to prevent increased pill abuse and theft. The service is free and anonymous, no questions asked. Read on... Sheriff’s Deputies Honored at Skyline Regional Criminal Justice Academy Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) corrections and courts recruits were recognized for their leadership roles as they graduated from the thirteenth session of the Skyline Regional Criminal Justice Academy in Middletown, VA, on October 12, 2023. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatal Motorcycle Crash The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating a fatal motorcycle crash that occurred on Saturday. Read on... Additional Charges Placed on Driver Responsible for Rte. 28 Crash On October 2, 2023, Cesar Yepez, 33, of Centreville, lost his life as a result of injuries sustained in a motor vehicle crash in Sterling on September 18, 2023. Read on... Twenty Graduate from the 55th Crisis Intervention Training Program The LCSO is proud to announce the graduation of 20 sworn and civilian employees of the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) and representatives from local, state, and federal agencies from the 55th Basic Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) program. Read on... LCSO Arrests Armed Robbery Suspect in Ashburn The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has arrested a man for committing an armed robbery that occurred at an Ashburn convenience store. Read on... LCSO Seeks Witnesses to Serious Crash on Rt. 28 South Near Sterling Boulevard The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is seeking the assistance of the community in gathering information related to a serious vehicle crash that occurred yesterday at 6:52 p.m. on Route 28 southbound near Sterling Boulevard. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Robbery at Lucketts Gas Station The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating an armed robbery that occurred at a Lucketts gas station. Read on... Pedestrian Fatality on Route 50 in Chantilly Linked to Nearby Stabbing Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is investigating both a stabbing incident and a fatal crash involving a pedestrian in the South Riding area that are related. Read on... Massage Therapist Arrested for Sex Offense Committed During Massage A 54-year-old massage therapist was arrested and charged on September 6, 2023, for a sex offense he committed while performing a massage on a female victim at a business in Ashburn. Read on... LCSO Conducting Death Investigation in Sterling The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office (LCSO) is conducting a death investigation after two adults were located deceased inside a Sterling home. Read on... Thank You Loudoun County! LCSO Raises Over $23,000 for Cancer Research and Prevention During No-Shave November Read on... Ashburn Man Taken Into Custody After Several Hour Standoff As deputies attempted to make contact with the subject he became disorderly and refused commands by law enforcement to exit the home. Members of the LCSO established contact and after continued conversations, the subject exited the home. Read on... After Years of Effort, Sheriff Chapman Lauds Amended Traffic Ordinances to Fix Gap in State Law A nearly six-year effort by Sheriff Mike Chapman to remedy a serious gap in the Virginia motor code has been finally resolved at the local level with the passing of two amendments to the county’s codified ordinances by the Loudoun Board of Supervisors. Read on... LCSO Investigating Fatality on Algonkian Parkway The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is conducting a death investigation after a driver reported he was traveling westbound on Algonkian Parkway near Westmoreland Drive when he observed a person in the roadway. Read on... Maryland Man Sentenced in Series of 7-11 Robberies A Maryland man was sentenced to 18 years and 8 months in the Virginia Department of Corrections in connection with a series of armed robberies targeting 7-Eleven convenience stores in Northern Virginia. Read on... LCSO Graduates Patrol Supervisor, Corrections Supervisor, and First-Ever Civilian Employee from PELs 2nd Lieutenant Collette Cunningham, a 17-year veteran of the agency, 2nd Lt. Jeffrey Haig, a 12-year veteran, and Chandra Evans, a 26-year veteran of the agency, graduated Thursday from the intensive three-week leadership education program. Read on... Sheriff Chapman Addresses Proposal to Change Loudoun County’s Form of Government Sheriff Chapman discussed the proposal during a radio interview and is questioning the motivation, necessity, and fiscal responsibility of creating an additional law enforcement agency in the county. Read on... LCSO’s Youth Service Section First in Northern Virginia to Host Sources of Strength Training This week School Resource and Juvenile Resource Officers with the LCSO were the first in the Northern Virginia region to receive training in Sources of Strength, an evidence led youth suicide prevention program, conducted by the Ryan Bartel Foundation. Read on... MWCOG Report: Loudoun Crime Rate Remains Lowest in Northern Virginia The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office reported the lowest crime rate in Northern Virginia according to the Annual Report on Crime and Crime Control released by the Metropolitan Council of Governments (MWCOG) last month. Read on... LCSO First in Commonwealth to Hold Advanced Crisis Intervention Training The three-day advanced training focused on residents with Intellectual and developmental disabilities, especially children. Read on... LCSO Offers Driving Safety Tips During National Teen Driver Safety Week In the U.S., car crashes are the leading cause of death in teens. A majority of those crashes are due to critical errors, including lack of scanning that is needed to detect and respond to hazards, going too fast for road conditions, or being distracted. Read on... LCSO Releases Composite Sketch in October 13 Robbery in Sterling The victim reported he was walking in the 200 block of Fletcher Road around 10 p.m. on October 13 when he was assaulted and robbed by four unknown males. Read on... LCSO Investigates Indecent Exposure in Brambleton The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating a reported indecent exposure in the Brambleton area on Wednesday and are working to determine if it is connected to a similar case reported last spring. Read on... LCSO Reaches Another Milestone in Crisis Intervention Training The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office reached another milestone this week graduating its 40th session of Crisis Intervention Training (CIT) on Friday. Read on... Teenager Charged in Indecent Exposure Series on W&OD Trail An Ashburn teenager has been charged after a series of indecent exposure cases along the Washington and Old Dominion (W&OD) Trail. Read on... Five Suspects Arrested After Gang-Related Assault in Sterling The victims reported they were in a vehicle on Williamsburg Road when several subjects pulled them out of the vehicle and assaulted them. The investigation determined that some of the suspects were known to them and the assault involved two rival gangs. Read on... Safe2Talk App Offers Loudoun Students a New Way to Report Safety Concerns As the safety of our children is a top priority, this year the LCSO in coordination with Loudoun County Public Schools (LCPS) introduced the Safe2Talk app to allow anonymous reporting of issues that threaten the safety of our schools. Read on... New Technology, Programs Enhance Opportunities at Loudoun Adult Detention Center The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office continues to enhance opportunities for inmates at the Loudoun County Adult Detention Center (ADC) to help continue to reduce recidivism which has decreased 10% since 2012. ] Read on... LCSO Deputy, Traffic Safety Efforts Recognized at Annual Virginia Sheriffs’ Conference The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office was honored to be recognized for two of the highest awards at the 86th Annual Virginia Sheriffs’ Association Conference on Thursday. Read on... Widespread Threats Towards Loudoun Schools on Social Media Determined to Be Non-Credible The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has concluded a investigation into rumored threats on social media towards Loudoun Schools. The information posted online was determined to be non-credible and there was no threat to any Loudoun County Public School. Read on... Sheriff Addresses Suicide Prevention in Law Enforcement Over the past several years, the LCSO has developed multiple tiered mental health support systems within the agency to promote and ensure an environment of psychological wellness. Read on... LCSO Releases Composite Sketches of Suspects in W&OD Trail Robbery Anyone with any information is asked to contact Detective C. Pickrell of the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Criminal Investigations Division at 703-777-1021. Callers wishing to remain anonymous are asked to call Loudoun Crime Solvers at 703-777-1919. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Robbery of Bicycle Rider The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is investigating an armed robbery of a bicycle rider on the Washington and Old Dominion Trail near Williamsburg Road in Sterling. Read on... Fairfax Juvenile Detention Officer Charged with Sex Offenses Against a Minor Clifton Townsend, Jr., 60, of Leesburg, was taken into custody Monday night after the investigation determined he had sexual contact in Loudoun County with a juvenile who was known to him. Read on... LCSO Arrests Ohio Man after Attempted Robbery in Sterling An Ohio man is in custody after being involved in an attempted robbery where a bystander discharged several rounds from a firearm during the incident. Read on... Five Deputies Graduate from Virginia D.A.R.E. Officer Training School Five members of the Loudoun County Sheriff's Office Youth Services Section successfully graduated from the Virginia Drug Abuse and Resistance Education (D.A.R.E.) Associations D.A.R.E. Officer Training School. Read on... Two Women Charged With Distribution of a Controlled Substance into Loudoun Adult Detention Center Stephanie A. Balcazar, 28, of Sterling and Bryanna A. Hunter, 26, of Washington, DC, were both charged with distribution of a controlled substance into a correctional facility and attempted possession of a chemical compound by a prisoner. Read on... Springfield Man Charged with Attempted Murder after Shooting at Occupied Sterling Home A Springfield man has been charged with attempted murder after a shooting this morning in Sterling. Read on... LCSO Investigating Burglary of Home in Ashburn Detectives are asking residents who live on or near this location and have external cameras that have stored recordings, to review their video during the time frame of 10 p.m. on July 5 to 4 a.m. on July 6. Read on... Ashburn Man Charged with Involuntary Manslaughter in Fatal Crash An Ashburn man has been charged with involuntary manslaughter after a single-vehicle crash Thursday night that took the life of a passenger in his vehicle. Read on... LCSO Deputy Named 2019 Virginia Deputy Sheriff of the Year DFC Whittington will be officially recognized this September in recognition of his outstanding performance, unwavering passion and commitment, and problem-solving to improve the quality of life for citizens, Read on... LCSO Recruits Take Top Academic Spots, Awards & Hold Leadership Roles During 140 Session of NVCJTA “The outstanding performance of this class exemplifies our efforts to recruit the best and the brightest. We have been able to attract highly qualified applicants who recognize the LCSO as a premier law enforcement agency,” said Sheriff Chapman. Read on... LCSO Holds 12th Community Resource Fair, Sees Continued Decrease in Recidivism The event was hosted by the Loudoun Re-Entry Advisory Council and the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office and was held inside the Loudoun County Adult Detention Center. Read on... Three Charged with Cocaine Distribution in Loudoun County The investigation into the suspects began in March 2019, after the LCSO learned they were possibly involved in the sale of cocaine in the county. During the investigation, one of the suspects sold an AR-15 style rifle during a controlled operation. Read on... LCSO Investigating Armed Robbery at Royal Farms in Chantilly Around 4 a.m., the unknown suspect entered the Royal Farms in Chantilly and brandished a firearm and demanded cash from two employees inside. After taking an undisclosed amount of cash from the registers, the suspect fled from the rear of the store. Read on... Suspect in Sexual Assault Apprehended in New York A Manassas man was arrested in New York Thursday night for the May 10, 2019, sexual assault of an adult female at a residence in the area of Maison Carree Square in Loudoun County. Read on... LCSO Investigating Crash Involving a Bicyclist and a Vehicle The driver of the vehicle remained on the scene. The bicyclist, a 41-year-old-male, was flown by helicopter to a local hospital with life-threatening injuries and is currently in stable condition. Read on... Sugarland Elementary School Teacher Charged with Simple Assault A teacher with Loudoun County Public Schools was arrested today after an investigation determined he had inappropriate contact with a student at Sugarland Elementary School. Read on... Loudoun Adult Detention Center Again Receives 100% Compliance The agency has received 100% compliance from the Virginia Board of Corrections during its annual inspection since the opening of the facility nearly twelve years ago. Read on... LCSO Releases Composite Sketch in Peeping Incident at Claude Moore Recreation Center The suspect is described as an Asian male, 5’8” tall, and weighing 175 pounds. He was wearing all black clothing with three white stripes going down the sides of his pants. Read on... LCSO Warns Residents of Telephone Scam Impersonating Local Law Enforcement “Under no circumstance would a law enforcement official in Virginia contact you to collect fines for an outstanding warrant,” said Loudoun County Sheriff Mike Chapman. Read on... UPDATE: Second Suspect in April 7-Eleven Robbery Arrested Abdul R. Abid, 25, of Herndon was taken into custody Friday evening as part of the ongoing investigation. Detectives with the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office arrested the other suspect, Zian Rehman, 19, back on May 2 on Brookfield Circle in Sterling. Read on... Suspect Apprehended in Regal Center Carjacking LCSO Deputies were able to quickly establish a track of the vehicle utilizing the stolen cars in-vehicle security and emergency services system. Deputies tracked the vehicle to Loudoun County Parkway where they stopped traffic and located the suspect. Read on... Maryland Man Drowns in Work-Related Accident at Goose Creek Reservoir A Maryland man lost his life this morning after he was swept away by moving water while removing debris from the dam at the Goose Creek Reservoir in Ashburn. Read on... May Marks Mental Health Awareness Month, LCSO Continues to Expand CIT Program May is Mental Health Awareness Month and as mental health professionals work to provide support and educate the public, the LCSO continues to work to increase the number of deputies trained in CIT to help citizens experiencing a behavioral crisis. Read on... Three from LCSO Recognized at VSI Certification Program The VSI Certification Program recognizes those Virginia sheriffs and deputies who continue individual professional development and a commitment to excellence, life-long learning, and advancement of public safety as a profession. Read on... LCSO Seeks Identities of Two Suspects in Series of Larcenies from Vehicles Detectives released surveillance image stills captured by a home surveillance system in one of the theft cases where the suspects entered an open garage. The suspects also entered over 25 vehicles during the overnight hours of April 23 and April 24. Read on... -UPDATE- Lovettsville Man Arrested in Unlawful Filming Investigation The arrest stems from an incident on March 25, when the adult victim reported that she was using the women’s restroom around 4:45 p.m. inside a building in the 19000 block of Deerfield Avenue. Read on... LCSO Investigating Gunfire at Townhome in Sterling Deputies responded to the 45500 block of Grand Central Square on April 19, where several residents in the area reported hearing gunfire. A canvass of the scene recovered discharged casings and several rounds that struck and entered a townhome. Read on... Detectives Release Composite Sketch in N. Duke Drive Sexual Assault Investigation The victim reported on April 7 that an unknown suspect entered her home in the 120 block of N. Duke Drive around 11:30 p.m. and sexually assaulted her. The suspect fled after the victim woke up. Read on... LCSO Investigating Reported Sexual Assault at Rio Cantina Nightclub The adult female victim reported that around 1:30 a.m. Sunday an unknown male grabbed her and began kissing and groping her while they were along the stairs inside the Rio Cantina located in the 21800 block of Towncenter Plaza. Read on... 18 from LCSO among those Recognized at 2019 Valor Awards Ceremony “I am proud of the men and women of the LCSO, and all of the first responders and civilians honored today for their heroic actions and the lives they saved,” said Sheriff Chapman. Read on... Detectives Release Composite Sketch in Brambleton Indecent Exposure The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office has released a composite sketch of a suspect involved in an indecent exposure case in the Brambleton area on Monday. Read on... LCSO Investigating Reported Sexual Assault at N. Duke Drive Home Deputies were called to the home shortly before midnight where the victim reported an unknown male sexually assaulted her. The suspect was described as a Hispanic male, approximately 20-years-old with curly dark hair, and a slight build. Read on... LCSO Investigating Gunfire at Apartment Complex in Ashburn Deputies responded to the 21800 block of Blossom Hill Terrace around 9 p.m. where several residents in The Grove at Flynn’s Crossing apartment complex reported hearing gunfire. A canvass of the scene discovered several rounds struck an apartment building. Read on... As Loudoun Recognizes Telecommunicators, Universal Call Taker Program Moves Forward As part of ongoing improvements in 911 services, the Loudoun Sheriff’s Office is pleased to announce that in coordination with Loudoun Combined Fire & Rescue System, the Emergency Communications Center will begin transitioning to universal call takers. Read on... Two DC Men Face Felony Charges After Breaking into AT&T Store Loudoun County, VA- Detectives with the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office have arrested two Washington, DC men in connection with an auto theft and commercial burglary in Ashburn. Read on... Captain DeLitta Graduates from 275th Session of National FBI Academy Captain DeLitta was one of 253 veteran law enforcement officers who graduated March 15, 2019, from the 10-week program. Captain DeLitta is an over 18-year veteran of the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office. Read on... Two Men Face Felony Charges After Attempting to Retrieve Package of Marijuana Two Annandale men are in custody and seven pounds of marijuana were recovered after a joint investigation between the Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office and the United States Postal Inspection Service (USPIS). Read on... LCSO D.A.R.E. Program Receives Legacy Award Sheriff Mike Chapman accepted the Legacy Award for the agency’s D.A.R.E. Program at the 20th Annual Loudoun School-Business Partnership Breakfast. This award recognizes a longstanding partnership that has had a lasting effect on Loudoun’s students. Read on... LCSO Graduates Two from Professional Executive Leadership School The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office graduated two members of the agency’s leadership staff from the 44th session of the Virginia Police Chiefs Foundation Professional Executive Leadership School (PELS). Read on... Loudoun Sheriff Elected Vice President of Homeland Security for MCSA Sheriff Mike Chapman was named Vice President of Homeland Security for the Major County Sheriffs of America, a professional law enforcement association comprised of almost 100 sheriff agencies in the nation’s most populous counties and parishes. Read on... 9th Annual Awards Ceremony Recognizes Day-to-Day Efforts of LCSO Personnel The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office held their 2018 Awards and Recognition Ceremony Friday, February 8, 2019, to recognize the day-to-day efforts of members of the agency for their service and dedication to the community. Read on... Reston Man Charged with Attempted Capital Murder of a LCSO Deputy Loudoun County, VA – A Virginia man has been charged with attempted capital murder in relation to the shooting incident which occurred on January 17, 2019, in Paeonian Springs. Read on... After Recent Incidents, Sheriff Chapman Discusses Firearms Safety in Loudoun Know the law, be safe, and be considerate of those around you. That is the message from Loudoun County Sheriff Mike Chapman in a video released today in response to the increase in complaints regarding the discharge of firearms in Loudoun County. Read on... LCSO Reminds Residents to Lock Vehicles, Remove Valuables after Rash of Thefts in Dulles South Area Loudoun County, VA – The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office is reminding residents to be vigilant in locking their vehicles following an increase in auto thefts, larcenies from vehicles, and other related thefts in the Dulles South area. Read on... LCSO Presented with Reaccreditation, Called ‘Model Agency’ in State The Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office was officially presented the agency’s certification of reaccreditation awarded by the Virginia Law Enforcement Professional Standards Commission (VLEPSC). Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Home My Account Printer Friendly Email Page RSS Site Map Translate Page Notifications ADA Accessibility/Language Access Contact Us Public Records Requests (FOIA) Report Fraud, Waste & Abuse Tell Us How We're Doing Website Feedback /QuickLinks.aspx Compliments Corner Donate to LCSO Employment Questions Office of the Sheriff: Public Records Requests Traffic Incident Map View Crime Reports in My Neighborhood /QuickLinks.aspx Home For Employees Privacy Policy/Copyright Notices Site Map Website Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office 803 Sycolin Road SE Leesburg, VA 20175 Phone: 703-777-0407 Fax: 703-771-5744 Mailing Address P.O. Box 7200, Leesburg, VA 20177 Loudoun.gov is an official government website. Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow