Welcome to Sarasota County Sheriff's, FL Visitation & Mail Home > Corrections > Visitation & Mail Visitation & Mail Quick Links Arrests & Inmates INMATE VISITATION To schedule visitation appointments online CLICK HERE . Video Visitation Scheduling and Registration Visitas por video Registro y programación SCHEDULE AND VISIT FROM YOUR ANDROID PHONE OR TABLET *** Attention Inmate Visitation Changes - EFFECTIVE DECEMBER 1, 2025 *** The Sarasota County Correctional Facility is expanding its online video visitation services and transitioning away from traditional on-site visitation. Online video visitation will continue to operate as it always has, with the same flexible schedule, procedures, and user experience. However, we are pleased to announce a significantly reduced rate of $0.18 per minute, making remote visitation more affordable. On-site visitation will no longer be available. Online video visitations will be available seven days a week with flexible scheduling options for friends and family members. Online video visitation will not be available from 2200 hours and 0830 hours and periodically to support correctional safety and security protocols. Online Video Visitation Hours 0830 – 1100 hours; 1200 – 1800 hours, and 2000-2200 hours Visits can be scheduled and cancelled using either the website or the App. Refunds for internet visits will not be issued. Friend and Family members can schedule an on-site or internet video visit by visiting https://sarasotafl.gtlvisitme.com/app or by downloading the Android app "GTL Vismobile." The purpose of visitation is to encourage family contact and provide opportunities for association beneficial to the inmate's overall adjustment. Appointments can now be made online in the Quick Links section of this Web site's home page or on this page. Visits may be scheduled two weeks in advance and up to 24 hours prior to your desired visit. Visits may be canceled up to 48 hours prior to visit. If a visit is canceled in less than the required time frame, visitation staff may do so; however, the inmate may lose that time block for the week except in special circumstances. Assistance is also available by phone if needed, 941.861.4601. Inmates are allowed three (3) 50-minute on site video visitations per week. The maximum number of visitors allowed at each visit is two (2). On site visitors must be an adult (18 years or older) with an UNDAMAGED valid photo identification (driver's license, Florida I.D. card, Military I.D. card or passport). Expired, taped or broken identification WILL NOT be accepted. Children may visit only when accompanied by a parent or guardian. 1. Unaccompanied children will not be permitted in the visitation center or jail front lobby. If children are not controlled in visitation or the jail front lobby, the visitor may be asked to leave. 2. Each inmate is permitted up to two (2) visitors at a time, including children and infants. 3. Visitors with infants and small children may bring one baby bottle/one diaper/baby wipes/and a blanket. A diaper bag, which will be searched, shall be permitted. No strollers or baby carriers will be allowed. If you have a visit scheduled and something (such as a court date or medical appointment) interferes with the schedule of the person you are visiting, after you've scheduled the visit, the scheduling program will cancel the visit. You must reschedule the visit once the inmate has returned to his/her housing area. Cancellations may occur due to disciplinary reasons. You will not be able to visit until the inmate has served their disciplinary time and returns to population. Check your email often (& voicemail if applicable), prior to your scheduled visit to make sure your visit hasn't been cancelled. A visit cannot be granted if you show up for a cancelled visitation. Attorneys generally visit during normal business hours but will be accommodated at any time. However, reasonable delays may occur during certain periods (e.g. mealtimes, headcounts). Special visits (family emergencies, death, grave illness) must be approved through Administration. Moving forward the Sarasota County Correctional facility will no longer be providing storage for your personal items that aren’t permitted to be with you during visitation. The only items that you will be permitted to bring with you into the visitation area with you will be your keys, cellphone, wallet, personal bag, any items for the care of an infant or young child, and your Personal ID. Any other items will NOT be permitted to enter the visitation area. Violating this policy will result in a suspension of your visitation privileges. You are NOT allowed to use or display your cellphone for any reason during your visitation. Violating this policy will result in a suspension of your visitation privileges. DRESS CODE • No miniskirts • No short shorts • No halter tops or tops with spaghetti straps • No tank tops or muscle shirts • No see-through tops • No tops that reveal cleavage or midriff • No improper messages or images • No bare feet Photographs and writing materials are NOT allowed in the visitation area. Visitation can be denied if rules are violated. ALL VISITS ARE SUBJECT TO MONITORING AND RECORDING VISITATION HOURS On Site Visits: 0900am – 1100am and 1200pm – 1800pm Everyday VISITATION DAYS Visitation is available seven days a week. Inmates that have not yet been classified (typically less than 3 days in jail) or are under special medical observation may not receive personal visits unless approved by administration. Legal visits will be allowed but may be subject to certain restrictions based on client’s condition. Regulations concerning dress and conduct for all visitors are posted at the entrance to the facility. Failure to follow visitor rules and regulations may result in loss of visitation privileges for the visitor. Visits shall be terminated without notice for any violation of visitation rules. INMATE MAIL All non-legal mail will no longer be accepted at the correctional facility, all non-legal mail that is received will be returned to sender. The Sarasota County Correctional Facility has contracted with Viapath Technologies to install Kiosks/Tablets in all housing units, and will be available to inmates for outside and internal communications. To maintain the security and safety of the inmates and staff, effective August 18, 2023 all inmate mail MUST be sent to the following address: Sarasota County Corrections Facility, FL INMATE NAME, ID NUMBER PO Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 The Inmate Name and ID Number must be clearly PRINTED on the outside of the envelope or postcard, to ensure the mail is posted to the correct amount. Mail not containing the inmate ID Number and the Name will be "Returned to Sender" All regular inmate postal mail (Postcards, Letters, Greeting Cards, etc.) will be scanned into the system and available to the inmates to view their postal mail via the inmate kiosk/tablets. Please be advised that when you mail an item, the original document will be destroyed. Concerning important documents like marriage certificates, birth certificates, social security cards, and pictures, please do not mail original documents. You should only mail copies of these documents or pictures that you do not need returned. These will be scanned into the electronic system and destroyed after 30 days. Upon release, inmates can log in to the public website at: https://www.textbehind.com and enter their inmate number and password and download their photos, messages, and postal mail for FREE up to 30 days. Family and friends are encouraged to communicate with their loved ones incarcerated at the jail. The mail is a good resource for maintaining that line of communication. LEGAL MAIL Effective October 1, 2020, all legal mail MUST be mailed to: Inmate Name Sarasota County Correctional Facility 2020 Main Street Sarasota, Fl. 34237 Legal correspondence must be clearly marked as such from an attorney, court, Department of Corrections or the Parole Board. MONEY ORDERS Money orders may be mailed to inmates at: Access Corrections P.O. Box 12486 St. Louis, MO 63132 Money orders must be made out to "Access Secure Deposits". Include the state, city, inmate name and ID number on all money orders. Example: Florida, Sarasota, John Smith, 0200012345. REJECTED MAIL Incoming and outgoing mail will not be rejected based on its contents, unless the mail falls under one of the following criteria: Any photos depicting gang symbols/signs, nudity, lewd behavior Any material which contains codes, blackmail, extortion, contraband, threats, or information about another inmate Any material which contains plans of criminal activities, maps, or plots to escape, and any material which communicates information designed to encourage inmates to disrupt the jail by strikes, riots, fights, racial or religious hatred, or other prohibited acts Any publication which may adversely affect the security of the jail or the safety of the persons therein Publications which advocate the violent overthrow of the government of the United States or of a state, or which advocate violence or rebellion against government authority, under which the inmate is held Any publication which may adversely affect the security of the jail or the safety of the persons therein Inmate to inmate correspondence within the facility or through outside channels is prohibited Any violation of the above will result in the suspension and/or termination of the registered users account. CONTRABAND Contraband items discovered in an inmate’s mail will be seized. Both the inmate and the sender will be notified of any item which has been seized and the reason for the seizure. INMATE MESSAGING Gettingout.com uses safe and secure two-way electronic messaging software designed specifically for communicating with inmates, prisoners, and detainees in correctional institutions. This allows those who are incarcerated or detained to communicate safely and quickly with family and friends outside of the jail, prison or detention center. They can send and receive electronic letters using a safe and secure computer kiosk or tablet stationed in their institution. Each message costs just 25 cents which is cheaper than a postage stamp and envelope. The message can be sent with postage paid and will be free to open and read for the recipient. To send or receive a message, you MUST open a GettingOut.com account; this process is quick and easy. Getting Out Messaging Sign-Up REJECTED MESSAGING Incoming messages will not be rejected based on its contents unless the message falls under one of the following criteria: Any photos depicting gang symbols/signs, nudity, or lewd behavior. Any material that contains codes, blackmail, extortion, contraband, threats, or information about another inmate. Any material that contains plans of criminal activities, maps, or plots to escape, and any material that communicates information designed to encourage inmates to disrupt the jail by strikes, riots, fights, racial or religious hatred, or other prohibited acts. Any publication which may adversely affect the security of the jail or the safety of the persons therein. Publications that advocate the violent overthrow of the government of the United States or of a state or which advocate violence or rebellion against the government authority under which the inmate is held. Any publication which may adversely affect the security of the jail or the safety of the persons therein. Inmate-to-inmate correspondence within the facility or through outside channels is prohibited. Any violation of the above will result in the suspension and/or termination of the registered users account. CUSTOMER CARE Our Customer Care Call Center can be reached toll-free at 866-516-0115. Our friendly, knowledgeable, U.S.-based Customer Care representatives are prepared to assist you: Create an account. Deposit funds into an account. Communication service questions and rate. Billing and refund questions. HEADQUARTERS 941.861.5800 6010 Cattleridge Blvd Sarasota, FL 34232 SOUTH COUNTY OFFICE 941.861.1701 4531 Annex Rd. Venice, FL 34293 CORRECTIONS 941.861.4601 2020 Main StreetSarasota, FL 34237 Contact Emergency: 911 Non-emergency: 941.316.1201 Switchboard Operator:941.861.5800 Social Media Site By Revize | Login Sarasota County Sheriff's Office Accessibility Statement © Sarasota County Sheriff's Office × Share this page Copy and past this code into your website. <a href="http://www.sarasotasheriff.org/corrections/visitation_and_mail/index.php">Your Link Name</a> Share this page on your favorite Social network Facebook Twitter Google Plus Reddit Close