Detention Center | Craven County Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Home Departments Sheriff's Office About Us Bureaus Detention Center Detention Center The Detention Center provides custody and confinement of inmates and maintains the Correctional Facility. Additional programs include GED, ReEntry, and financial classes for inmates, as well as ministries and recovery programs for substance abuse support. Active Bookings in Craven County Detention Facility The link below shows all current inmates housed at the Craven County Detention Facility. Juveniles and Federal Inmates are not included in this list, please contact jail administration in regards to these inmates. The listing is updated as often as possible. Housed Inmate Listing Opens a New Window. Inmate Deposits Want an easy way to deposit money on your inmate’s account without leaving home? Now you can with JailATM.com To deposit money, simply create an account by visiting www.jailatm.com Opens a New Window. . You will be prompted through the process in minutes. Once you have an account, find the facility, enter your loved one’s name, and deposit money using your credit card! Opens in New Win Inmate Phone Calls Inmates cannot receive incoming calls. They can make collect calls using Securus Technologies. You can open an account online by going to the Securus Technologies Opens in New Window or you can call 1-800-844-6591 to set up an account through the automated phone system or speak to a Securus Technologies Customer Care representative. Guarantee open lines of communication by prepaying for telephone calls, voicemails, and emails in advance. You can make a payment with Visa, MasterCard, and check/debit card. With a Securus Technologies Prepaid or AdvanceConnect™ Accounts, you can budget your calls and avoid any interruption in receiving calls. Phone conversations with inmates will be recorded and are subject to monitoring at any time and all called party information is available to law enforcement. Inmate Correspondence Submit a Jail Complaint If you wish to file a complaint regarding conditions or treatment at our facility, please follow the steps below: Download the Complaint Form - The form is available here Detention Center Citizen Complaint Form Complete the Form in Full - Be sure to fill out all required fields. Incomplete forms will not be addressed. Submit via Email - Once completed, email the form to csmith@cravencountync.gov All complaints are taken seriously and will be reviewed in accordance with our policy. Item Restrictions Effective Monday, April 10, 2023 , the Craven County Jail will no longer accept books for inmates. The ONLY exception will be legal documents or books. Polaroid photographs and post cards are not allowed. Magazine and newspapers are not allowed unless approved by the proper authority. Comic strips or puzzle pages in mail is not allowed. Bubble wrap or padded or double lined envelopes. No stickers on envelopes or the mail inside. No revealing, nude, pornographic photographs to include explicit letters. Do not send cards that have double or folded and glued pages, or cards with items stuck or glued on them. Do not send blank paper, stamps or envelopes. Inmates must purchase these from the canteen. The above information is subject to change without notice. Contact the Jail at 252-636-6619 if you have any questions. Visitation Guidelines All visitations for inmates at the Craven County Detention Center are done off-site by video. Visitation can be completed using cellphones, home computers, tablets or any device that can go online. Visitation will be conducted Monday – Sunday during the hours listed below. You must reserve visitation times at least 24 hours in advance. Visitation Hours (7 days a week, including holidays) Morning Hours: 9:15 AM – 11:45 AM Afternoon Hours: 2:15 PM – 4:15 PM Evening Hours: 8:00 PM – 10:00 PM Creating a Securus Visitation Account Create an online account by going to www.videovisitanywhere.com . Click on the "Sign Up" button to create your account. Make sure you can take a picture of a government-issued photo ID. You will receive an email once your account is approved. This process can take 48-72 hours. Once approved, log on to your Securus Online account, select “Schedule a Visit” and follow the steps to schedule your visit anywhere. On the day of your scheduled visit, make sure you log in to your account at least 15-minutes prior to the start time of the visit. Inmate Property Release Effective Friday, April 1, 2023, personal property may only be released within the first 24 hours of an individual's initial booking. After that time, the property will not be released until the individual's release from custody. Questions may be directed to Captain Smith at csmith@cravencountync.gov . Notary Services The Craven County Detention Center does offer notary services for inmates. All paperwork that needs to be notarized will be taken care of on Fridays only during business hours. Each document will be charged a fee of $10 per page and will be billed to the inmate’s account. Inmate Listing Submit a Tip 1100 Clarks Road New Bern, NC 28562 Phone: 252-636-6620 Fax: 252-636-3686 Emergency Phone: 911 Email Us Detention Center Patrol Courts Special Operations Investigations School Resource Officers /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow