Red Lake County MN Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Translate Reset English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Khmer Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Nepali Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Search Search Contact Us Mitch Bernstein County Sheriff 124 Main Ave N PO Box 306 Red Lake Falls, MN 56750 Phone: 218-253-2996 Fax: 218-253-2656 Email: mbernstein@co.red-lake.mn.us Office Hours & Location Staff Information Sheriff It is the mission of the Red Lake County Sheriff's Office to provide consistent, fair, and complete service to all citizens. Timely response and thorough investigation of citizen complaints, proactive patrol, and enforcement of laws and ordinances will achieve these goals. Execution of court orders will be done in a fair and timely manner and carried out as directed. All other services provided to protect human life, property, and keeping of the peace will be conducted effectively and completely. Members of the Red Lake County Sheriff's Office will conduct themselves in a professional manner and they will treat the public with compassion and respect. All members of the Red Lake County Sheriff's Office will work together, as a team, to provide the public with the highest level of service possible. Although the office of the Sheriff is a political entity, its core statutory functions are based on upon the enforcement of law and the maintenance of order, therefore the carrying out of those functions must be the main priority of all its members. Mitch Bernstein, Red Lake County Sheriff Code Red - Red Lake County Emergency Notification System Red Lake County Burning Ordinance Frequently Asked Questions Mandatory POST Policies Forms & Links Permit to Purchase Permit to Carry MN Driver & Vehicle Services Minnesota State Statutes MN Court Calenders Red Lake Falls City Ordinances Sign up for Red Lake County's Emergency Notification System here . Help Us Drive Red Lake County Toward Zero Deaths! Check out our website . Share this page Close Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility