Sheriff | Winona County, MN Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff Duties It is the duty of the Winona County Sheriff to keep and preserve the peace of Winona County. In furtherance of this goal, the Winona County Sheriff's Office provides law enforcement coverage throughout Winona County's 625 square miles. In addition to providing law enforcement coverage, the Sheriff's Office: Operates and oversees the County Jail Maintains communication and dispatch services between the public and law enforcement, fire, and ambulance personnel Patrols the waterways within Winona County, including the Mississippi River Coordinates with Winona County Emergency Management Service Coordinates numerous public safety and community programs Oversees a dedicated staff of 76 employees and 56 volunteers Performs Search and Rescue operations Permits to Carry / Permits to Purchase Effective March 1, 2021, the Winona County Sheriff's Office will not be accepting applications for permits to carry or permits to purchase via the U.S. Mail. All applications for permits to carry and permits to purchase will have to be done in person at the LEC lobby. No longer accepting checks for permit to carry, cash only. For questions, please call 507-457-6368. How do I get a copy of a report? What kind of information cannot be released? I disagree with what the officer wrote in his report regarding a complaint. What do I do now? Where do I go to get a gun permit? How do I get a copy of my driving record? I need a records check for adoption/passport/visa. Where can I get information on mortgage foreclosures? How do I have papers served? Where can I get information on restraining orders and orders for protection? I received a ticket. How do I find out how much the fine is? Where do I go to pay for my ticket? Can I mail in my fine? Where do I go to post bail or satisfy a warrant? Where do I go to have my fingerprints taken? Where do I go about a bad check? What is Victim Information and Notification Everyday (VINE)? View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx Contact Us Ron Ganrude Sheriff rganrude@winonacounty.gov Phone: 507-457-6368 Sheriff Physical Address View Map 201 W Third Street Winona , MN 55987 201 W Third Street Winona MN 55987 Directions Phone: 507-457-6368 Fax: 507-457-6495 Emergency Phone: 911 The Winona County Sheriff's Office operates twenty-four hours a day. Lobby Hours Monday through Friday 7:30 am to 4:30 pm Visitations For visitation information, please visit the Inmate Visiting/Mailing Procedures page . Directory Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension Minnesota Department of Corrections Minnesota Driver and Vehicle Services Missing and Exploited Children Victim Information and Notification Everyday (VINE) View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Career Opportunities Pay Taxes Online Report a Concern 202 West Third Street Winona, MN 55987 Phone: 507-457-6350 Email: contactus@winonacounty.gov Sheriff's Non-Emergency Line: 507-457-6491 County Valuations Access to Electronic License Data Disability Parking Certificates Driver Compliance - Vision Report Ordinances Winona County Events Calendar /QuickLinks.aspx Child Abuse and Protection Curbside Recycling Finder Highway Maps LandShark Map Opioid Response Parcel Viewer Property Taxes /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy SMS Terms of Service /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow