Inmate Mail - Gregg County Sheriff's Office Divisions Airport Public Safety Civil Division Courthouse Security Criminal Investigations Emergency Management Fire Marshal Jail Division Visitation Inmate Phone Service Inmate Commissary Inmate Mail Mounted Unit Patrol Division Reserve Unit SWAT Warrant Division Inmate Mail - Important Update In an effort to keep contraband out of the Gregg County Jail Facilities the Gregg County Sheriff’s Office is implementing a new system for sending documents, photos and mail to inmates. If you wish to send documents, photos and mail to inmates, we now have a quicker and more efficient method using our new Inmate Messaging system where you just go to www.NCIC.com and set up an account. You can then easily send messages to an inmate for instant delivery. You can also take a picture of any documents and attach to these messages. Messages are only $0.25 per messages and Picture Messages / Documents are only $0.35 per picture. This is much cheaper than postage, envelopes and the time it takes to mail a letter and the inmate will receive the message and/or picture instantly. There will be no limits on how many messages and photos that can be sent to the inmates. Beginning September 8, 2020, all inmate mail must be mailed to the following address utilizing existing Gregg County Sheriff’s Office Jail mail rules: Inmate Name SO# Gregg County Jail PO BOX 591 Longview, Texas 75606 WARNING Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 for processing will NOT be returned or released. Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it will be destroyed. This includes pictures or anything else mailed to the processing facility. By sending the mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 you agree to the items being destroyed and understand that anything you mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 will not be returned or reimbursed for. LEGAL MAIL ADDRESS: 101 E. METHVIN ST. SUITE 635 LONGVIEW, TX 75601 All envelopes and mail must include the inmate name and Sheriff’s Office booking number as well as a return address. Only mail that is within 8.5 inches wide x 11 inches tall will be accepted . Mail sent to inmates must contain NO MORE THAN 5 PAGES . Anything that is over 5 pages will NOT be sent to the inmate and will be returned to the sender. All mail that is entered into the system will be entered front side only. Do NOT write on the back of pages because only the front will be sent to the inmate. Inmates may receive a maximum of 1 photo per mailing. If more than 1 photo is mailed, the entire letter and all its contents will all be returned to sender and nothing will be scanned in or delivered to the inmate. No legal or medical mail will be accepted. Legal and medical mail must be sent to the facility where the inmate is housed following the Gregg County Sheriff’s Office Mail Guidelines. No magazines, bulk mailing, newspapers or books will be accepted at PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 and will be returned to sender. These items must be sent to the facility where the inmate is housed following the Gregg County Sheriff’s Office Mail Guidelines. Once the mail is received for processing it will be scanned in at the central processing location and then will be sent to the inmate electronically via the same messaging system referenced above and the inmate can then view it on the kiosk in their cell. There will be no exceptions for receiving mail that does follow the above guidelines. Respectfully, Chief Jeff Callaway. Home About History Divisions Airport Public Safety Civil Division Courthouse Security Criminal Investigations Emergency Management Fire Marshal Jail Division Overview Visitation Inmate Phone Service Inmate Commissary Inmate Mail Mounted Unit Patrol Division Reserve Unit SWAT Warrant Division Employment Programs D.A.R.E. Program Crime Stoppers Contact