Wilcox County Sheriff's Office Home Sheriff's Office Pistol Permit | Programs | Facebook Mission Statement The mission of the Wilcox County Sheriff's Office is to provide effective, efficient public safety and law enforcement services to the people in Wilcox County, Alabama. In order to accomplish this mission our services must be provided in a professional, equal and consistent manner by a highly trained and community-sensitive staff that understands the importance of the public's trust and the prudent use of taxpayer resources. Values Statement We value human life. We are servants. Preservation of Human Life is our highest priority; our most sacred service. In fulfilling it's statutory responsibilities and mission, the Sheriff's Office is divided into three main functional areas of responsibility. Administration, Operations and Support: The Function of personnel management, fiscal management, inspection and staff services all fall under the administrative umbrella and rest with the Sheriff and the Chief Deputy. The Operations Bureau is primarily responsible for the Office's line functions. The Operations Bureau is comprised of the Patrol Division and the Investigations Division. The Support Bureau is primarily responsible for those functions of the office that are direct support of the Operations Bureau. The Support Bureau is comprimised of the detention Division, The Civil Division and the Communications Division. View Larger Map Driving Directions The Yellow Dot Program How does the Yellow Dot Program work? The four items needed are a photo, a completed information form, a Yellow Dot decal, and a Yellow Dot folder. First, a photograph is taken of the participant. The photo is later taped to the front side of the completed information sheet. The next step is to complete the form which contains the participant's; name, address, and phone number of person to contact in case of emergency; allergies; medications and dosage taken; and names of doctors caring for the participant. A Yellow Dot is placed in the lower left corner of the rear window of the participant's automobile on the driver's side to alert First Responders that vital medical information can be found in the glove compartment of the vehicle. The final step is to place the completed information sheet, with picture attached, into the Yellow Dot folder and then put the folder into the glove box where first responders are trained to look when they see a Yellow Dot in the rear window. That's all there is to it! Need more information? Call Wilcox County Sheriff Office, Captain Lue E. McCaskey 12 Water Street, Camden, Alabama 36726 Phone 334-682-5568 wilcoxyellowdot@frontier.com Where to sign up: Wilcox County Sheriff Office Pine Hill Police Department 50 Dunn st, Pine Hille, AL 36769 334-963-4351 Take advantage of this FREE program!! Although the Yellow Dot Program is geared primarily toward senior citizens, anyone may participate. A Yellow Dot in the rear window of your vehicle will alert all first responders to vital information in your glove compartment. this will help to ensure that you receive the medical attention you need during that first "Golden Hour" after a crash or other emergency involving your vehicle. The Yellow Dot program is the first of its kind in the state of Alabama. The program is a cooperative effort between local police officers, sheriff's deputies, state troopers, emergency medical Services, local Fire Departments, and Senior Groups to assist our citizens in a time of need when they might not be able to help themselves. Untitled Document Home Sheriff Divisions Jail Info Contact Photographs Al Sheriff's Association Sheriff Evans Campaign Site Wilcox Chamber Of Commerce Al State Legislature Al Department of Safety 12 Water Street / P.O. Box 337, Camden, Alabama 36726-0337 Phone: (334) 682-4715 Fax: (334) 682-9425 Copyright 2011 Wilcox County Sheriff's Office. All rights reserved.