Summit County, CO - Official Website Skip to main content EN English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Khmer Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Nepali Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Search Related Pages Detention Services Detention Services Division is responsible for operating the Summit County Detention Facility and conducting Court Security. The Detention Services Division consists of 18 Deputies, 5 Sergeants, 1 Lieutenant, 2 Chefs, and 1 Administrative Coordinator, all supervised by Commander Jake Straw. The Detention Facility, which is located in the Summit County Justice Center, has 93 beds and serves approximately 3,050 meals a month at an average cost of $4.71 per meal. The Facility books in approximately 2,000 arrestees per year. The primary purpose of the Detention Facility is to ensure that arrestees go to court. This is accomplished either by the arrestee posting bond, which is basically a cash assurance that they will return to court, or to keep them in custody until their criminal case reaches a disposition. Only about a third, or less, of the inmate population have actually been convicted of a crime and have been sentenced. The primary roles of the Detention Services Division Staff are to: in-process and out-process arrestees and inmates from the facility; safeguard the constitutional rights of the inmates; maintain the health, safety and welfare of those in the Facility; maintain order; take care of protective custody holds, such as uncooperative detoxes and mental health holds; conduct in-state transports and out-of-state extraditions to bring fugitives back before the court of jurisdiction; escort inmates to court; assist Court Security and Civil; and finally, to assist the public wherever possible. They also conduct investigations into possible criminal activity occurring in the Facility and file criminal charges where appropriate. The staff accomplishes all of this while maintaining an ever-watchful eye over the appropriate use of taxpayer funds. PBT’s (portable breath tests) PBT’s are administered for Probation and Behavioral Intervention. To obtain a PBT you must report to the Summit County Detention Facility with valid identification. The cost of a PBT is $10, which must be paid in cash only. Volunteers Overview The Summit County Detention Facility utilizes the services of volunteers for many of its programs. If you are interested in becoming a volunteer, please contact Lt. Darrin Quilling at (970) 423-8933. Go to Sheriff's Office HOME page Share this page Share this page × Copy and paste this code into your website. <a href="http://www.summitcountyco.gov/services/sheriff/divisions/detentions_division/index.php">Your Link Name</a> Share this page on your favorite Social network Facebook Twitter Reddit Close Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Close Read More