Mail Policy | Natrona County, WY Skip to Main Content Search Home Departments Sheriff Detention Center Policies & Procedures Mail Mail Policy As of March 14, 2024, the Natrona County Detention Center is utilizing InTouch Mail Scanning powered by NCIC. All inmate mail, EXCEPT for BOOKS, MAGAZINES, NEWSPAPERS, LEGAL MAIL, AND MEDICAL MAIL, must be mailed to the below address utilizing our existing Jail mail rules. To send mail to an inmate at the Natrona County Detention Center, please address the envelope as follows: Inmate's full name Natrona County Detention Center PO Box 591 Longview, Texas 75606 All envelopes and mail must include the inmate's name as well as a return address. Only mail that is within 8.5 inches wide x 11 inches tall will be accepted. Mail sent to inmates must contain NO MORE THAN 5 PAGES. Anything that is over 5 pages will NOT be scanned and sent to the inmate and will be returned to the sender. All mail that is scanned into the system will be scanned front side only. Do NOT write on the back of pages. Any mail with writing on the back will be returned to sender. Inmates may receive a maximum of 1 photo per mailing. If more than 1 photo is mailed, the entire letter and all its contents will be returned to sender and nothing will be scanned in or delivered to the inmate. NO legal or medical mail will be accepted. Legal and medical mail must be sent directly to the facility (see below.) Once the mail is received for processing, it will be scanned in at the central processing location and then will be sent to the inmate electronically via the same messaging system (NCIC), and the inmate can securely view it on the kiosks or tablets within the facility. NOTE: Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591 will NOT be returned or released. Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it will be destroyed. All BOOKS, MAGAZINES, NEWSPAPERS, LEGAL MAIL, AND MEDICAL MAIL must be mailed to the facility directly at: Inmate’s full name Natrona County Detention Center 201 N David Casper, WY 82601 All mail must abide by the following guidelines: Please note that all incoming and outgoing mail can be opened and inspected for contraband and incoming funds. Inmates committed name, and the addressee's return address must appear on the front of the envelope. Mail shall not contain correspondence for inmates other than those whose names appear on the envelope. Inmates shall not request another person to forward correspondence from inmates in other facilities. Inmates shall not request another person to forward correspondence to another inmate in this facility. Books, magazines, and newspapers must be received directly from the publisher and must be requested by the inmate and only with the approval of the Jail Administrator. Bibles must be provided by our facility's approved chaplains. No hardback books. Prohibited Items Postage stamps, blank envelopes, blank paper, SASE, blank greeting cards, blank postcards. Phone cards. Two party checks, payroll checks, and personal checks. Stickers, inkpad stamps, whiteouts, staples, or tape are not allowed in or on the letter. Newspaper, magazine or any clippings, small pamphlets, bookmarks, cards or laminated cards or photos, photocopies, handmade drawings or letters (in marker, highlighter, colored pencil, paint or crayon), glitter on cards, puzzles, ribbons, calendars or calendar pages, color book pages. Nothing glued on or plastic on cards. Cards must be of standard size, no large cards or musical cards. Sexually explicit material or pornographic in nature (nudity) is prohibited. Material that threatens or is detrimental to the security, good order, or discipline of the facility. Correspondence that is in code or gang-related material is prohibited. No foreign substance: lipstick, perfume, cologne, or bodily fluids. Polaroid photos. No felt markers, gel, or glitter pens to be used on the letter or envelope. Any mail received for an inmate who has been issued a No Contact Order will be returned to the sender with an explanation. Internet printout of jokes, stories, and e-mails is limited to no more than 10 sheets. Photos, scanned photos, photocopies, drawings, or printed pictures off the Internet will be treated as photos. For example, if there are 5 printed photos on one sheet of paper it will count as 5 separate photos. There is a limit of 5 photos per inmate. If we receive photos and you send more than 5 or they already have 5 listed on their property they will be returned until the inmate releases the ones they already have. Photos and drawings must be limited to 4X6 in size or smaller. Warrant Search Ticket Payments Emergency Management Employment 201 N David Second Floor Casper, WY 82601 P: 307-235-9282 Staff Directory Website Feedback Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Employee Benefits /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow