Sheriff's Office / Amherst County, Virginia Amherst County, Virginia Skip over navigation 65° Forecast Search Menu Home Government Services Community Public Record How Do I? Start Content Sheriff's Office You are here: Home • Departments • Sheriff's Office Sheriff: L.J. Ayers III ljayers@amherstsheriff.org Chief Deputy: James E. Begley jebegley@amherstsheriff.org The Amherst County Sheriff's Office is a full-service Law Enforcement Agency. The Sheriff's Office provides First Responders to all calls for service related to law enforcement and public safety. The agency is separated into three divisions; Field Operations, Investigations, and Administration. These Divisions have several sub-components; Special Response Team, Court Security, Crime Prevention, Animal Control, Animal Shelter, and School Resource Officer program. Our team of approximately 61 employees, is dedicated to providing the best law enforcement possible for the citizens and visitors of Amherst County. Mission Statement The Mission of the Amherst County Sheriff’s Office is to safeguard the citizens of the community with honor, courage, and integrity, to reduce the incidence of criminal activity, and create a safe environment where citizens can live in peace, feel secure, and know that the Sheriff’s Office is here to protect their lives and property. With honor and courage, we will serve the citizens of this community and at all times conduct ourselves with the highest level of integrity and respect that renders the community’s trust and confidence. Vision Statement The Amherst County Sheriff’s Office is dedicated to sustaining a safe community and providing excellence in service to our citizens with integrity and respect for all. We will work together to build and maintain community trust and confidence Core Values Honor & Courage We will carry out our duties with honor, courage, and respect to all citizens and individuals in the community. Integrity & Trust Each member of the Amherst County Sheriff’s Office will conduct his/herself with uncompromising honesty, ethics, and trustworthiness in all situations dealing with the public: citizens, businesses, and other agencies. Equality Each member of this Office will serve our community ethically & and responsibly without bias and will provide equal protection to all citizens, enforcing the laws we have been sworn to uphold. Confidence & Professionalism Every member of this Office is held to a high level of accountability not only to the public but ourselves and pledge thoroughness and proper administration of duties. Through diversified training of law enforcement staff and participation in State provided training and development programs, we will continually improve to better serve our community. E MERGENCIES D IAL 911 Recent News Useful Links Services News & Announcements Press Release: Bulbs Along Route 29 Business Start to Bloom Board Adds Civil Penalties to Inoperable, Abandoned, and Unattended Vehicle Ordinance Board Makes Changes to Refuse and Weed Ordinance More News & Announcements Related Links Important Sheriff Links Services 911 Who, What, When ,Where, and How In this Department Department Home • Sheriff Ayers • Chief Deputy • Crime Prevention • Crime Stoppers • Career Opportunities • DRUG HOTLINE • Sex Offender Registry • Citizen's Corner (FOIA & Useful Info) • Employee Section • Flock Cameras Jump to a division Make a Selection Section Home More Information Locations Document Center • News & Announcements • Related Pages • Forms & Applications • Employment Openings • Policies Services Index Jump to a content archive Make a Selection Locations Document Center - News & Announcements - Related Pages - Forms & Applications - Employment Openings - Policies Services Index Contact Us Sheriff's Office 115 Taylor St P.O. Box 410, Amherst, VA 24521 Get Directions Phone: (434) 946-9381 Fax: (434) 946-9380 Staff Directory Office Hours: Business Hours: M-F 0830-1700 © 2026 Amherst County, Virginia Accessibility Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Design and Content Management by CORE Business Technologies