Offender Commissary, Phone, and Mail | Lafayette Parish Sheriff's Office Skip to content Offender Commissary, Phone, and Mail Firefly Marketing 2025-05-30T08:53:30-05:00 Corrections OFFENDER COMMISSARY, PHONE, AND MAIL Funds Account Offenders are allowed to maintain a funds account (sometimes referred to as a “commissary account” or “store account”) while incarcerated. This money may be used for phone calls through the offender communications system and for purchasing snacks, toiletries, personal hygiene items, etc. from commissary. There are several ways to deposit money to the offender’s fund account. See the Deposit Money section for options. Commissary Commissary is offered to the offenders to allow them to purchase items that are approved but not provided by the facility. The items are provided by a contracted vendor. Normal Hours Monday – Thursday: 7:30 AM – 4:45 PM Friday: 8:00 AM – 4:15 PM 337-236-5880 Location 1010 Lafayette St. – 4th Floor Lafayette, LA 70501 Email Deposit money to an offender’s fund account for commissary purchases and phone calls in any of the following ways: Mail a Money Order Mail a money order to: Offender Name, Arrest Number, Cell Number LPSO Attention: Commissary P.O. Box 92590 Lafayette, LA 70509 Personal checks, cashier checks, and company checks are not accepted. At the LPCC Lobby Kiosk Make cash or credit card deposits from the offender communications system deposit kiosk located in the 24-hour bonding lobby of the Lafayette Parish Correctional Center (LPCC) 916 Lafayette Street Lafayette, LA 70501, or cash only acceptance at 1010 Lafayette Street (4th floor) Lafayette, LA 70501. Offender Phones Please be advised – during the week of February 18th , the Inmate Telephone Service at Lafayette Parish will be changing to Ally Telecom Group. Friends and family members can set up an account with Ally Telecom Group. In order to set up a pre-paid account and video visits, friends and family can visit www.ALLYTG.com Offender Mail Personal Mail (mail to offenders from family and friends) : Physical Mail Address Changing Effective March 1, 2025 , Offender mail is going digital. The address that friends and family use to send personal mail to Offenders will change. The new address below will NEED to be used after this date. Going forward, mail received will be scanned and delivered electronically as an attachment to the Offender in the facility message app that is on the tablet. The Offender will be able to read this attachment for free. Please note that the new mailing address is: Lafayette Correctional Center, LA/JailATM Inmate Name/Inmate # PO Box 16367 Jonesboro, AR 72401 Envelope Addressing The envelope must include the full facility name and the state the facility is in, as well as the Offender’s full name and unique identifier. The envelope must have the sender’s full name and physical address clearly written on the top left corner of the envelope . Content of Mail Legal Mail should not be sent to this new address. Any Legal Mail that is sent to the new address will be returned to Sender and WILL NOT be forwarded to the facility. Friends and family are required to send any checks or money orders directly to the facility. Do NOT send checks or money orders to this address. Only direct communication will be scanned. Boxes, catalogs will be returned to sender. Privileged / Legal Mail (mail to offenders from the offender’s attorney, courts, PREA etc.) The following address is for privileged / legal mail ONLY . Do not send an offender’s personal mail to this address. Any mail received at this address that is no t privileged / legal mail will be returned to the sender. All privileged / legal mail must have the sender’s business/company name and address imprinted on the top left of the envelope. Mail that is improperly addressed may result in the offender not receiving the mail and it being returned to the sender. Mail to: Offender’s Name, Arrest #, Cell # LPCC, PO Box 2537 Lafayette, LA 70502 Contact Info 316 West Main Street Lafayette, La. 70501 info@lafayettesheriff.com 337-232-9211 *For emergencies call 911 Monday – Friday: 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM Quick Links © 2026 Lafayette Parish Sheriff’s Office. All Rights Reserved | Moodle | Custom Site by Firefly Marketing Page load link Go to Top