Tehama County Law Enforcement - Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Skip to content (530) 529-7900 Email Us Services Tehama County Sheriff’s Services Units / Divisions Tehama County Sheriff’s Units & Divisions OES Office of Emergency Services PAL Police Activities League Careers Contact Home Home Tehama County Sheriff 2026-04-02T12:23:35-07:00 Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Law Enforcement Professionals Protecting the Lives & Property of Tehama County Residents. Report A Crime Tehama Alert Citizen RIMS New Citizen RIMS crime map live 08/31/2025 Press Releases CCW Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Law Enforcement Professionals Protecting the Lives & Property of Tehama County Residents. Report A Crime Tehama Alert Citizen RIMS Press Releases CCW Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Located in Northern California approximately 120 miles north of Sacramento, Tehama County encompasses 3,300 square miles. The Tehama County Sheriff’s Office protects the lives and property of 65,000 permanent residents, as well as the countless thousands of tourists and visitors who enjoy hunting, fishing, and vacationing in the vast wilderness areas throughout the county; and who come to Tehama County to view or participate in one of several National Championship sporting events. Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Located in Northern California approximately 120 miles north of Sacramento, Tehama County encompasses 3,300 square miles. The Tehama County Sheriff’s Office protects the lives and property of 65,000 permanent residents, as well as the countless thousands of tourists and visitors who enjoy hunting, fishing, and vacationing in the vast wilderness areas throughout the county; and who come to Tehama County to view or participate in one of several National Championship sporting events. Sheriff Dave Kain Sheriff Dave Kain began his law enforcement career in 1995 as a Reserve Police Officer for the City of Woodland. From there he went to Corning Police Department where he served as a Canine Handler, Field Training Officer, Gang Investigator, SWAT team member and worked two tours in narcotics. In 2008, Dave was hired as a Sergeant with the Tehama County Sheriff’s Office where he was assigned to the Operations Division as a patrol sergeant. Dave continued his service as a SWAT team leader for the Sheriff’s Office. In 2011, Dave was assigned as the Investigations Sergeant, where he supervised Detectives, task force agents of TIDE and Deputy Coroners. In November 2013, Dave was promoted to Captain where he oversaw the Operations, Jail and Administrative Divisions. He is also the Tactical Commander for the SWAT Team. Dave resides in Tehama County with his beautiful wife, has five children and two bonus daughters. He e njoys spending time with his family, hunting, fishing, and sports. Serving our Community with P.R.I.D.E. Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Dedication, Equality Sheriff’s Administration Start your new Career! Become part of an important and exciting career in Law Enforcement Start Today Services Units / Divisions OES / Disaster (530) 529-7900 Email Us - Tehama County Sheriff's Office Website by Sundial Design (530) 529-7900 Email Us - Tehama County Sheriff's Office Website by Sundial Design Page load link Back How long do you want to hide the toolbar? Hide Toolbar Duration Only for this session 24 hours A Week Not Now Hide Toolbar Select your accessibility profile Vision Impaired Mode Enhances website's visuals Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color ADHD Friendly Mode Focused browsing, distraction-free Blindness Mode Reduces distractions, improves focus Epilepsy Safe Mode Dims colors and stops blinking Content Modules Font Size + Default - Readable Font Line Height + Default - Cursor Letter Spacing Align Text Font Weight Color Modules Light Contrast High Contrast Monochrome Orientation Modules Reading Line Reading Mask Hide Images Highlight Content Stop Animations Highlight Links Skip To Content Choose... Main Content Navigation Footer Reset Settings Go to Top