Tyler County Law Enforcement – Tyler County Government Services ✕ Tyler County Law Enforcement Table of Contents Tyler County Sheriff's Department Tyler County Sheriff's Duties Contact Our Office Deputies and Staff School Resource Officers Shop with a Cop Links Tyler County Sheriff's Department Rodney Dean Pratt Sheriff of Tyler County, WV Tyler County Sheriff's Duties The Sheriff of the county serves as its chief law enforcement officer, charged with the responsibility of policing the county and keeping the peace, including the power to make arrests. A sheriff may not serve more than two consecutive terms. It is required to be a full-time position in all counties except Class X. In counties that operate county jails, the Sheriff has responsibility for administration of the jail and custody of the inmates. In addition to duties related to law enforcement, the Sheriff also serves as the Treasurer of the county and collects all taxes levied by the county. To assist the Sheriff in the performance of his/her duties, law enforcement deputies, tax deputies and legal process deputies may be employed. Correctional officers may also be hired in those counties which have a county jail. The salary range is $38,280 to $44,480 with additional compensation for tax collections not to exceed $15,000. The Sheriff’s duties include: Serve and execute all returns, notices and processes issued by the courts which must be served in the county Act as bailiff in court proceedings Enforce court orders Administer transportation of prisoners, mental patients and extraditions Administer the financial matters of adults who are unable to do so for themselves Issue licenses to citizens who apply for a concealed weapons permit Collect all state, county, municipal and school taxes; disburse money to appropriate agencies Maintain all tax records Enforce payment of delinquent taxes Contact Our Office Address: Tyler County Sheriff's Department 10 Pleasant View Lane Sistersville, WV 26175 Phone: 304-758-4229 Get Directions Deputies and Staff Rodney Dean Pratt Sheriff of Tyler County, WV Shannon Huffman Chief Deputy/K9 officer Scott Dalrymple Lieutenant/Detective Mitch Corley Sergeant/SRO Tammy Satterfield Corporal/SRO Mason Rine Deputy 1st Class Timothy Shreve Deputy Gavan Renner Deputy Martina Sine Deputy Mary Bordenkircher Deputy Joseph Ledergerber Deputy Austin Lowe Deputy Emily Gray Deputy Ryan Dalrymple Court Bailiff/Process Server Miranda Sine Secretary School Resource Officers The Tyler County Sheriff’s Department proudly serves the schools of Tyler County. Tammy Satterfield Corporal Mitch Corley Sergeant Shop With A Cop Each year the Tyler County Sheriff’s office participates with the Shop with a Cop Program. This program is designed to foster positive relationships between officers and youth. If you’d like to donate to this cause, please call (304) 758-4229 . Links WV State Code Highway Safety Car Seat Safety WV Division of Corrections and Rehabilitation Table of Contents Tyler County Sheriff's Department Tyler County Sheriff's Duties Contact Our Office Deputies and Staff School Resource Officers Shop with a Cop Links County Offices Tyler County Commission Tyler County Clerk Tyler County Circuit Clerk Tyler County Sheriff Tax Office Tyler County Prosecuting Attorney Tyler County Assessor Tyler County Law Enforcement Tyler County 911 Tyler County OEM Tyler County Magistrate Tyler County Extension Office