Mail — La Porte County Sheriff's Office 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu MAIL The below described parameters for acceptable incoming mail to inmates housed at the La Porte County Jail reflect the addition of digitally delivered mail to the inmates. The following is simply a clarification on what jail staff will and will not accept into the jail once the Digital Mail Center service is implemented on March 4th, 2024. All unacceptable pieces of mail will be placed in the inmate’s property or Returned to Sender. Anything that cannot be scanned will be returned to the sender. Examples of items that cannot be scanned: a. Newspaper and magazine clippings b. Post-it notes or any items using tape or adhesives. c. Items that have been bound by staples, adhesives, paper clips, or any binding agent. d. Greeting cards with die cuts or pop out designs. e. Any item containing sparkles or glitter. f. Packages and certified mail. g. Cash or Coins h. Personal, Payroll, Business, SSD or SSI Checks i. Photos smaller than 4” X 6” j. Anything larger than 8.5” X 14” k. Any item determined by a supervisor to be unacceptable for the inmate to possess. l. Contraband (anything not approved by administration for the inmate to possess). Examples of mail that will be scanned, rejected, and placed in the inmate’s property (or in some circumstances confiscated for further investigation): · No return address. No sender’s name (prefer full first and last name but must have last name) Perfume or other unusual, undetermined odor. Stains, lipstick kisses, bodily fluid, unknown substances. Lewd, inappropriate, pornographic pictures (any pictures that are of a sexual nature) Personal property besides pictures or written letters (i.e. picture ID, receipts, credit cards, etc…) Blank cards, paper, envelopes, stamps (except those provided in legal mail) Games such as crossword puzzles, Sudoku, coloring book pages, etc… Inmate to inmate correspondence without prior administrative approval Things to consider when sending mail: When creating a letter, try to avoid using the following writing instruments: Felt tip pen Marker Sharpie Wax or oil-based mediums (E.g., crayons, art supplies) These items utilize a lot of ink, and often bleed through the paper, which makes reading the letter very difficult when viewed digitally. If the above items are unable to be avoided when writing a letter, it is recommended that the sender write on only one side of each sheet of paper. This will make interpreting the letter much easier for the incarcerated individual when it is scanned into the system. Try to avoid drawing or coloring on the back of any sheet of paper where writing or text is presented. Sometimes the coloring and lines of the drawing can bleed through and make text hard to read when scanned. If you are using notebook paper that has been pulled from a spiral bound notebook, please ensure that the torn fringe or chads are trimmed prior to mailing. Not trimming could place the paper at risk for being jammed or torn in the scanning process. Other things to note : 1. Money orders are still accepted. 2. Books sent directly from the publisher, Amazon, or a reputable bookstore are accepted.