Frequently Asked Questions - CivicPlus.CMS.FAQ Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Below you will find information that might help you understand how to find things or learn about information you might need to know about your city or town. 911 Office 4 All Content What is 911? 911 is a three-digit telephone number that you can call 24 hours a day for police, fire, or emergency medical services. 911 Office When should I call 911? Call 911 during an emergency where you believe that the immediate response of the police, a firetruck, or an ambulance is needed. Some examples can include: When you see fire or smoke When you or someone with you is in danger When you see a crime is being committed or has just occurred When you believe that an ambulance is needed because someone is hurt or sick When someone is trying to get in your house When someone suspicious is prowling around your house or neighbors house When a child is approached by a stranger 911 Office When shouldn't I call 911? Do not call 911: To obtain weather reports To report utility problems (such as power outages, phone and water repairs) To ask for directions or road names For general information pertaining to police reports, jails When your keys locked in vehicles, unless someone is locked inside To request an ambulance for non-emergency routine transports 911 Office What do I need to do when I use 911? 911 is only a telephone number. A quick response depends on the important information that you provide. The 911 Telecommunicator will ask you a series of questions. Remain calm and be prepared to provide the following information: What kind of emergency you have or what kind of help you need Where is the emergency? The telephone number you are calling from If you are reporting a medical emergency be prepared to provide the following additional information. What is wrong with the patient? Age of patient? Is the patient conscious? Is the patient breathing? 911 Office Hotel Occupancy Tax 2 All Content Who must register? A customer who is a paying a fee to stay in a hotel, motel, inn, bed and breakfast, or Airbnb must pay the 5.00% hotel occupancy tax due. For example, if your customer is charged $50.00 for a night’s stay, $2.50 would be due from the customer in the form of a hotel occupancy tax. If the customer is staying for 30 consecutive days or more, that customer is exempt from the tax and must complete the exemption form. Review the Ordinance (PDF) to see if you need to file your reports monthly or quarterly and when payment is due to the County Treasurer’s Office. There are penalties and interest if you do not pay. Hotel Occupancy Tax Who pays the tax? Any hotel, motel, inn, bed and breakfast or Airbnb must register with the county and collect the 5% hotel occupancy tax from your customer for submission to the County Treasurer’s Office. Please review the Ordinance (PDF) to see if you need to file your reports monthly or quarterly, and when payment is due to the County Treasurer’s Office. Failure to collect the tax would result in a penalty and interest due. Hotel Occupancy Tax Pam's FAQ 1 All Content Is there anyone higher than a Commissioner No - they are the highest ranking official Pam's FAQ Warren County Prison 6 All Content Visitation Rules All visitors MUST be on the inmates approved visitor list. All visitors should arrive and register ten minutes prior to the scheduled visit time. Visiting days and hours are assigned by the housing unit and cell the inmate occupies. Visitors will be required to produce photo identification prior to visiting. Visitors under the age of eighteen must be accompanied by a parent or guardian and must be a child, stepchild or grandchild of the inmate they are visiting. Visitors will supervise their children at all times Visitors are required to be orderly, not take pictures, not smoke, not bring in cell phones or any other contraband into the facility. No foul or abusive language may be used at any time. Visitors must be dressed appropriately at all times. Discretion in this matter will be left up to correctional staff. During an emergency, visiting may be terminated and visitors directed to leave the building. Citizens that have been Inmates are required to wait for 1 full year after incarceration to visit other Inmates. Any violation of the visiting rules may result in temporary or permanent termination of visiting privileges. Visitors may be subjected to a “pat down” search by law enforcement if there is a suspicion of contraband. Warren County Prison Inmate Visiting Hours MONDAY 3-DORM - 7:30pm to 10:30pm (Bunks 407 thru 412) TUESDAY B-BLOCK - 7:30pm to 10:30pm THURSDAY B, C & E ISOLATION CELLS - 7:30pm to 9:30pm FRIDAY RHU MIN - 7:30pm to 8:30pm 137 ISOLATION CELL - 8:30pm to 9:30pm SATURDAY RHU MAX - 8:00am to 9:00am 136 ISO - 9:00am to 10:00am Detox - 10:00am to 11:00am D ISOLATION - 11:00am to 12:00pm D-BLOCK - 1:00pm to 4:00pm E-BLOCK - 4:00pm to 5:00pm , 7:30pm to 9:30pm SUNDAY C-BLOCK - 8:00am to 11:00am 2-DORM - 1:00pm to 5:00pm 3-DORM - 7:30pm to 9:30pm (Bunks 401 thru 406) Warren County Prison Inmate Clothing & Books Within the first fourteen (14) days of incarceration, inmates are permitted to receive 3- white pairs of socks, 3- white pocket-less t-shirts, 3- white pairs of underwear and 3- white wireless bra's. These items must be to the purchased through Jail Canteen. https://warren.jailcanteen.com/ . After the fourteen (14) day period, inmates will only be permitted to purchase these items from the inmate commissary system. Inmates are permitted to receive books in the mail from the publisher or distributor only. The following restrictions apply to magazines, newspapers, periodicals, books and letters: • can not cause a security concern; • can not contain instructions for the manufacture of explosives, drugs or other unlawful substances or devices; • can not deal with escape, disappearing, etc.; • can not advocate violence, in general, or within the institution; • can not advocate racial, religious or national hatred; • is contrary to legitimate penological interests; • can not contain sexually explicit material or photographs; • can not contain stickers, postage stamps or pre-paid stamped envelopes; • can not contain polaroid pictures; • can not contain musical devices, metal objects, hard substances, food or any other item which is not pictorial form; • can not contain anything that would have to be destroyed to be properly screened; • can not contain oversized objects (i.e. larger than 8 ½ by 11 inches); • can not contain third party correspondence Warren County Prison Depositing Funds for an Inmate To deposit money, simply create an account by visiting www.jailatm.com . You will be prompted through the process in minutes. Once you have an account, find the facility, enter your loved one's name, and deposit money using your credit card. You can also deposit money into their account via cash or credit card by visiting the kiosk in the prison lobby. These funds can be used to purchase commissary items, tablet items, and phone calls. Warren County Prison Purchasing Prepaid Phone Services ICSolutions provides prepaid phone services which keeps you connected with your loved ones. ICSolutions offers two options when it comes to prepaid phone services which are Prepaid Accounts and Debit Telephone Accounts. To get started you can simply create an account online at www.icsolutions.com and purchase your desired prepaid phone service. Another option is contacting their Customer Care Representatives, 24 hours a day, at 1-888-506-8407 to create an account and purchase phone services. Adding funds to this service only pertains to phone calls. Warren County Prison Sending Personal Correspondences There is no limit on the amount of correspondences an inmate may receive or send. Mail is sent to a company that scans the mail and makes it available to the inmate on the inmates tablet. Once the mail has been scanned into the system it is destroyed. It is recommended that you do not mail photos that cannot be replaced. When sending personal correspondences to an inmate, please be sure to address the envelope as follows: Senders Full Name Full Address Warren County Jail Inmate Name & Inmate ID # PO Box 16060 Jonesboro, AR 72403 Warren County Prison Family Hearing Office 14 All Content What are the different types of custody? Legal custody: The right to make major decisions on behalf of the child, including, but not limited to, medical, religious and educational decisions. Shared legal custody: The right of more than one individual to legal custody of the child. Sole legal custody: The right of one individual to exclusive legal custody of the child. Physical custody: The actual physical possession and control of a child. Partial physical custody: The right to assume physical custody of the child for less than a majority of the time. Primary physical custody: The right to assume physical custody of the child for the majority of time. Shared physical custody: The right of more than one individual to assume physical custody of the child, each having significant periods of physical custodial time with the child. Sole physical custody: The right of one individual to exclusive physical custody of the child. Supervised physical custody: Custodial time during which an agency or an adult designated by the court or agreed upon by the parties monitors the interaction between the child and the individual with those rights. Relocation: A change in a residence of the child which significantly impairs the ability of a nonrelocating party to exercise custodial rights. Note: The above definitions are taken from 23 Pa.C.S. § 5322(a) . Family Hearing Office Do I need to have an attorney to file for custody? The choice to have an attorney is yours. The court does not require you to do so. For more information see the General FAQs. Family Hearing Office How do I file for custody or visitation? The first document you must prepare is called a COMPLAINT. The function of the complaint is to tell the Court and Defendant the reason for filing the lawsuit and what outcome you want. You may download the form from the Forms section of this site. Be sure to state your case in clear, concise terms. Submit your completed forms to the Family Hearing Office so the matter can be scheduled for a conference. Family Hearing Office How much does it cost to file for custody? To file an original Custody Complaint, the filing fee is $124.25 in Warren County and $114.25 in Forest County (subject to change). As no personal checks are accepted, payment should be made by either a money order or certified check, made payable to the “Prothonotary’s Office.” Family Hearing Office What if I cannot afford the filing fees? You may request that the fee be waived by filling out a PRECIPE TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS and filing it with your complaint. If your Precipe is approved, the filing fee will be waived and your case will proceed. Family Hearing Office Why is my case scheduled for a conference, not a hearing? The objective of the custody conference is to determine whether the parties can agree to a custody arrangement which will be entered as an Order of Court, or if they cannot agree, what steps are necessary before a hearing may be held. The conference is informal, is not recorded and no testimony is obtained from either parties or witnesses. This is your opportunity to make you own decisions about what is best for you and your children. The Court does not want to interfere in these personal decisions unless forced to do so because you are not able to work out your own custody arrangement. Family Hearing Office What happens when a custody agreement is reached? The terms of the agreement will be written into an Order of Court and signed by a judge, which you should received within 10 days of the conference. Family Hearing Office What happens when the parties cannot agree? When a full agreement cannot be reached, the parties are ordered to take parenting classes. After one of the parties completes the parenting program, the matter will be scheduled for a formal hearing. The hearing will give you the opportunity to present testimony and subpoena witnesses to testify for you. At the conclusion of the hearing, the judge will make a decision regarding custody of the children and an Order will be issued, reflecting that decision. All parties involved will be expected to follow the judge’s Order of Court. Family Hearing Office I already have a custody order. How do I make changes to it? As your children grow older, your Court Order may no longer apply to your present circumstances, or you may desire a more specific holiday/vacation schedule. In either case, you may file a PETITION TO MODIFY CUSTODY. There are no fees to file a Petition to Modify Custody. You may download the form from the Forms section of this site. Be sure to state you case in clear, concise terms. Submit your completed forms to the Family Hearing Office so the matter can be scheduled for a conference. Family Hearing Office The other party is not following the Order. How do I enforce it? If the other party is not abiding by the Custody Order,you may file a CONTEMPT PETITION. The matter will then be scheduled for a hearing with a judge on the issues raised in your Petition. You may download the form from the Forms section of this site. Be sure to state you case in clear, concise terms. Submit your completed forms to the Court Administrator’s Office so the matter can be scheduled for a hearing. Family Hearing Office Where can I find additional information regarding child custody? The Family Hearing Office handles all custody matters in both Warren and Forest Counties. Feel free to contact the office staff with additional questions. However, the Court and its staff ‘cannot provide legal advice ‘. Any legal questions should be directed to your attorney. Family Hearing Office Where can I get legal assistance? You may contact Northwestern Legal Services at 800-665-6957. While they may not be able to help you directly, they can point you to someone you can. Family Hearing Office Where can I find information about Parenting Classes? The parenting classes are provided by Forest-Warren Human Services . You may call them at 814-726-2100 for more information. If you do not live in Warren or Forest Counties, you may take a class of similar content offered in your home area. Make sure to forward a Certificate of Completion to the Family Hearing Office . Family Hearing Office Could I see the steps in the Custody Process laid out in an easy to understand way? Family Hearing Office Court General Questions 3 All Content Will I receive fair treatment when representing myself? As a pro se litigant, you enjoy every right entitled to you under law. You need not worry if you have little or no experience with the courts before. However, pro se litigants are expected to follow/abide by the rules that govern the practice of law in Pennsylvania courts. Court General Questions What does "Pro Se" mean? If you are representing yourself without the benefit of an attorney, you are known as a PRO SE LITIGANT. “Pro Se” is a Latin term meaning “for yourself.” Court General Questions Why can't I speak with a judge? For the same reason the Judge won’t speak with the opposing side. You would not want the Judge to speak with the opposing parties and make a decision without hearing your side of the story. Therefore, in the interest of justice, a Judge will generally only address matters in scheduled proceeding where all parties involved have been properly notified. Court General Questions Jury Duty Questions 8 All Content Who qualifies for jury service? To qualify for jury service an individual must be at least 18 years of age, a resident of the county, and able to read, write, speak and understand the English language. To qualify, an individual must not have a mental or physical infirmity that would render them incapable of efficient jury service or have been convicted of a crime punishable by imprisonment for more than one year. Jury Duty Questions What if I don't meet the qualifications or cannot be available when I am summoned to Appear You should contact the Court Administrator to request that you be excused from jury service. Jury Duty Questions How often must I serve? If a person serves for one or two days, they need not serve again for a period of one year. If service is for three or more days, the exemption period is three years. Jury Duty Questions Will I get paid for serving as a juror? Yes. Jurors are paid $9.00 per day for the first three days of jury service and $25.00 per day for every day thereafter. Jury Duty Questions Does my employer have to pay me for time missed from work due to jury service? Under Pennsylvania law, an employer is not required to pay persons during their period of jury service. However, an employer may not fire you or otherwise harm you for responding to a summons. Jury Duty Questions What should I bring when I report? You should bring your summons. You may also bring something to read during waiting periods. Jury Duty Questions What if I fail to report for service? You may be required to appear in court and you could be held in contempt and fined. However, by making jury service as flexible as possible, we hope to avoid using this power. Jury Duty Questions What should I wear? Casual attire should be worn as long as it is in keeping with the dignity of court proceedings. Ties are not required. Slacks, sport shirts, and casual dresses are all appropriate. Please remember: Weapons are not permitted in any Court building. Smartphones, cellphones, cameras or electronic devices are permitted in the buildings but not in a Courtroom. Jury Duty Questions Child Custody Questions 14 All Content What are the different types of custody? Legal custody: The right to make major decisions on behalf of the child, including, but not limited to, medical, religious and educational decisions. Shared legal custody: The right of more than one individual to legal custody of the child. Sole legal custody: The right of one individual to exclusive legal custody of the child. Physical custody: The actual physical possession and control of a child. Partial physical custody: The right to assume physical custody of the child for less than a majority of the time. Primary physical custody: The right to assume physical custody of the child for the majority of time. Shared physical custody: The right of more than one individual to assume physical custody of the child, each having significant periods of physical custodial time with the child. Sole physical custody: The right of one individual to exclusive physical custody of the child. Supervised physical custody: Custodial time during which an agency or an adult designated by the court or agreed upon by the parties monitors the interaction between the child and the individual with those rights. Relocation: A change in a residence of the child which significantly impairs the ability of a nonrelocating party to exercise custodial rights. Note: The above definitions are taken from 23 Pa.C.S. § 5322(a) . Child Custody Questions Do I need to have an attorney to file for custody? The choice to have an attorney is yours. The court does not require you to do so. For more information see the General FAQs. Child Custody Questions How do I file for custody or visitation? The first document you must prepare is called a COMPLAINT. The function of the complaint is to tell the Court and Defendant the reason for filing the lawsuit and what outcome you want. You may download the form from the Forms section of this site. Be sure to state your case in clear, concise terms. Submit your completed forms to the Family Hearing Office so the matter can be scheduled for a conference. Child Custody Questions How much does it cost to file for custody? To file an original Custody Complaint, the filing fee is $124.25 in Warren County and $114.25 in Forest County (subject to change). As no personal checks are accepted, payment should be made by either a money order or certified check, made payable to the “Prothonotary’s Office.” Child Custody Questions What if I cannot afford the filing fees? You may request that the fee be waived by filling out a PRECIPE TO PROCEED IN FORMA PAUPERIS and filing it with your complaint. If your Precipe is approved, the filing fee will be waived and your case will proceed. Child Custody Questions Why is my case scheduled for a conference, not a hearing? The objective of the custody conference is to determine whether the parties can agree to a custody arrangement which will be entered as an Order of Court, or if they cannot agree, what steps are necessary before a hearing may be held. The conference is informal, is not recorded and no testimony is obtained from either parties or witnesses. This is your opportunity to make you own decisions about what is best for you and your children. The Court does not want to interfere in these personal decisions unless forced to do so because you are not able to work out your own custody arrangement. Child Custody Questions What happens when a custody agreement is reached? The terms of the agreement will be written into an Order of Court and signed by a judge, which you should received within 10 days of the conference. Child Custody Questions What happens when the parties cannot agree? When a full agreement cannot be reached, the parties are ordered to take parenting classes. After one of the parties completes the parenting program, the matter will be scheduled for a formal hearing. The hearing will give you the opportunity to present testimony and subpoena witnesses to testify for you. At the conclusion of the hearing, the judge will make a decision regarding custody of the children and an Order will be issued, reflecting that decision. All parties involved will be expected to follow the judge’s Order of Court. Child Custody Questions I already have a custody order. How do I make changes to it? As your children grow older, your Court Order may no longer apply to your present circumstances, or you may desire a more specific holiday/vacation schedule. In either case, you may file a PETITION TO MODIFY CUSTODY. There are no fees to file a Petition to Modify Custody. You may download the form from the Forms section of this site. Be sure to state you case in clear, concise terms. Submit your completed forms to the Family Hearing Office so the matter can be scheduled for a conference. Child Custody Questions The other party is not following the Order. How do I enforce it? If the other party is not abiding by the Custody Order,you may file a CONTEMPT PETITION. The matter will then be scheduled for a hearing with a judge on the issues raised in your Petition. You may download the form from the Forms section of this site. Be sure to state you case in clear, concise terms. Submit your completed forms to the Court Administrator’s Office so the matter can be scheduled for a hearing. Child Custody Questions Where can I find additional information regarding child custody? The Family Hearing Office handles all custody matters in both Warren and Forest Counties. Feel free to contact the office staff with additional questions. However, the Court and its staff ‘cannot provide legal advice ‘. Any legal questions should be directed to your attorney. Child Custody Questions Where can I get legal assistance? You may contact Northwestern Legal Services at 800-665-6957. While they may not be able to help you directly, they can point you to someone you can. Child Custody Questions Where can I find information about Parenting Classes? The parenting classes are provided by Forest-Warren Human Services . You may call them at 814-726-2100 for more information. If you do not live in Warren or Forest Counties, you may take a class of similar content offered in your home area. Make sure to forward a Certificate of Completion to the Family Hearing Office . Child Custody Questions Could I see the steps in the Custody Process laid out in an easy to understand way? Child Custody Questions Warren County Land Bank 3 All Content How is a Land Bank different than a Redevelopment Authority A Redevelopment Authority and a Land Bank are similar in the fact the scope of both organizations are essentially the same: to clean up neighborhoods, rehabilitate structures when possible, and demolish when necessary. The main differences are that the Land Bank has no eminent domain powers, but can "trump" bid at a judicial sale. Properties sold through the Land Bank also have provisions built into the policies and procedures that ensures the Land Bank’s mission. Warren County Land Bank What are the main ways the Land Bank acquires properties? Donations from banks or current property owners, strategic purchases in annual tax sale, judicial sale (free-and-clear sale), and/or from the repository list. Warren County Land Bank Do you have to be a contractor to buy and rehab a Land Bank property? No. The Land Bank may rehabilitate a home or stabilize a commercial building and contract out the work, but anyone is able to buy properties out of the Land Bank who have the means and resources necessary to make the identified improvements. Warren County Land Bank 911 Office 4 What is 911? When should I call 911? When shouldn't I call 911? What do I need to do when I use 911? Hotel Occupancy Tax 2 Who must register? Who pays the tax? Pam's FAQ 1 Is there anyone higher than a Commissioner Warren County Prison 6 Visitation Rules Inmate Visiting Hours Inmate Clothing & Books Depositing Funds for an Inmate Purchasing Prepaid Phone Services Sending Personal Correspondences Family Hearing Office 14 What are the different types of custody? Do I need to have an attorney to file for custody? How do I file for custody or visitation? How much does it cost to file for custody? What if I cannot afford the filing fees? Why is my case scheduled for a conference, not a hearing? What happens when a custody agreement is reached? What happens when the parties cannot agree? I already have a custody order. How do I make changes to it? The other party is not following the Order. How do I enforce it? Where can I find additional information regarding child custody? Where can I get legal assistance? Where can I find information about Parenting Classes? Could I see the steps in the Custody Process laid out in an easy to understand way? Court General Questions 3 Will I receive fair treatment when representing myself? What does "Pro Se" mean? Why can't I speak with a judge? Jury Duty Questions 8 Who qualifies for jury service? What if I don't meet the qualifications or cannot be available when I am summoned to Appear How often must I serve? Will I get paid for serving as a juror? Does my employer have to pay me for time missed from work due to jury service? What should I bring when I report? What if I fail to report for service? What should I wear? Child Custody Questions 14 What are the different types of custody? Do I need to have an attorney to file for custody? How do I file for custody or visitation? How much does it cost to file for custody? What if I cannot afford the filing fees? Why is my case scheduled for a conference, not a hearing? What happens when a custody agreement is reached? What happens when the parties cannot agree? I already have a custody order. How do I make changes to it? The other party is not following the Order. How do I enforce it? Where can I find additional information regarding child custody? Where can I get legal assistance? Where can I find information about Parenting Classes? Could I see the steps in the Custody Process laid out in an easy to understand way? Warren County Land Bank 3 How is a Land Bank different than a Redevelopment Authority What are the main ways the Land Bank acquires properties? Do you have to be a contractor to buy and rehab a Land Bank property? Forms Online Bill Pay Assessment Data Warren County Courthouse 204 4th Avenue Warren, PA 16365 Phone: 814-728-3400 Email Warren County Hours: 8:30 am to 4:30 pm Agendas & Minutes Bid Opportunites Dog Licenses Mail-In Ballots Notify Me /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow