Inmate Mail | Ford County, KS Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Facebook Twitter Pinterest Delicious Blogger LinkedIn Home My Account Printer Friendly Email Page Contact Us RSS Site Map Translate Page Notifications Documents Search Home Your Government Departments Sheriff’s Office Jail Inmate Mail Inmate Mail 1. There are no restrictions concerning the number of letters inmates may send or receive at their own expense. Mail pickup and delivery will be within 48 hours of receipt, Monday through Friday, excluding holidays and weekends. All mail must go through the U.S. postal service. 2. All incoming/outgoing mail will be opened and inspected for contraband. Privileged mail will be opened in the presence of the inmate and inspected for contraband. Privileged correspondence consists of mail from the inmate's attorney of record only and must be marked as such. 3. Inmates are allowed to receive packages through the mail containing clothing for jury trial appearances only. All other packages will be returned to sender at the inmates expense. 4. All money orders, attorney trust account checks, cashier checks received will be recorded and forwarded to the inmate for his/her signature. The above will then be placed in the inmates account. no cash or personal checks will be accepted through the mail. 5. Other items mailed to this facility including but not limited to clothing, food, toilet items, stamps, stamped envelopes, shoes will be returned to sender. If a letter or card contains any item that is not acceptable the entire letter/card must be returned to the sender. If mail cannot be returned the inmate must have the mail picked up within 30 days. Items not picked up will be subject to disposal by the facility. At no time will items not accepted be placed into your personal property. Unclaimed mail will be "returned to sender" or returned to the post office. Items acceptable in this facility via the mail are letters, money orders, cashier checks and photographs no larger than 3.5" x 5.5". Polaroid and Polaroid type photos will not be accepted. Cash and personal checks will not be accepted. 6. All outgoing mail must have the proper postage and a return address in the upper left hand corner. All outgoing mail except privileged mail(as described in number 2 above) must be unsealed and is subject to search when given to the officer. Outgoing mail will be picked up through out the day Monday through Friday. Outgoing personal mail will be opened and inspected for contraband. The name of the inmate and address of the facility must be placed on all outgoing mail. Envelopes may not have any writing except the address and return address on them. Any envelope with other writing or drawings on them will be returned to the inmate after inspection of the contents and not sent out. 7. Written communication between inmates housed in the Ford County Jail is not permitted without the approval of the jail administrator. Written communication between inmates housed at other correctional facilities and inmates housed in the Ford County Jail is also not permitted without the approval of the jail administrator. 8. Two (2) free mailings a week will be provided to each inmate. These mailings must be received by 5:30 A.M. on Monday morning. 9. Privileged mail will be mailed at no charge to the inmate after determination that it is allowed privileged mail to the inmate's attorney of record. 10. All correspondence to and from inmates shall be addressed as follows: Inmate Name,Ford County Jail 11311 E. Comanche Dodge City, Ks 67801 11. Introduction of contraband into the facility is a felony. Disciplinary action and/or criminal prosecution may be initiated as a result of an attempt to smuggle contraband in through the mail. 12. Sending or attempting to send any written communication out through the mail containing any other communication to be sent to a third party is considered a violation of the rules. If any correspondence contains any information related to a safety, security order or control concern may be considered a major rule violation as defined in the inmate handbook and could result in criminal charges and/or disciplinary action. Notify Me Employee Resources Departments Employment County Administrator 100 Gunsmoke Dodge City, KS 67801 Phone: 620-227-4670 Email the County County Commissioners Real Estate & Personal Property Taxes Election Resources Employee Handbook Agendas & Minutes /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Copyright Notices Accessibility Government Websites by CivicPlus® /QuickLinks.aspx Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow