Mail and Messaging Information | Bucks County, PA Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Departments Corrections Contact My Inmate Mail and Messaging Information General Correspondence (Inmate Mail from family and friends) NOTE: Effective Friday March 1, 2024 , all incoming personal mail such as letters, pictures and drawings from family and friends must be sent to the scanning mail center address. No personal mail will be directly accepted at the Bucks County Correctional Facility. Any inmate personal mail sent to our facility after March 1, 2024 will be returned back to sender. Mail Center Address: Example: Bucks County, PA Bucks County, PA Inmate Name, BCP # John Smith, #111111 P.O. Box 247 P.O. Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Phoenix, MD 21131 Click here for more information Permitted Incoming Items Items Not Permitted Publications & Reading Materials Permitted Incoming Items Items permitted to be mailed to the facility address Legal mail/privileged Correspondence Money orders (personal checks and cash are not accepted) Publications and reading material Any non-permitted items will be returned to sender. Facility address: Bucks County Department of Corrections Inmate Name, BCP # 1730 S Easton Road Doylestown, PA 18901 Items Not Permitted Incoming Mail: Items Not Permitted Any mail containing unauthorized items will be stamped as "REFUSED" and the correspondence will be returned to sender. The letter and unauthorized items will be rejected as a whole. Contraband will be confiscated and held as evidence. The following are considered unauthorized items: Colored envelopes Greeting cards Letters or correspondence written on colored paper Photographs including Polaroid and instant photos. Obscene materials, written or drawn, nude pictures or photo-copies and/or pornographic materials, including child pornography Pictures or photo-copies containing violence or gang related activities including hand signs Mail written in code, or in a foreign language that cannot be interpreted to the extent necessary to conduct an effective search Stickers, labels or anything with adhesive including return address labels Care packages Mail containing a foreign or unknown substance or stain; if the substance is suspected of being a controlled substance, the mail shall be turned over to law enforcement officials Any envelope or letter with an odor causing substance like perfume or cologne that permeates the mail Personal checks, cash or Collect/Cash on Delivery (COD) items Post cards, pamphlets, or business cards Mail written in crayon, paint, marker, colored pencil, gel ink, felt-tip or highlighter Mail with lipstick imprinted on it Items containing glue or white out All of the following: Blank paper Colored paper Craft materials Envelopes Glitter Paper clips Parchment or stock paper Plastic or metal Post-it notes Ribbon Staples Tape Postage stamps, loose or book Flowers, candy or food Torn-out book, magazine or newspaper clippings or pages Explicit Materials Sexually explicit (pornographic) material or photos are not permitted in the facility. Any mail containing unauthorized items will be returned in its entirety to the sender. Where there is no return address it will be sent to the dead letter file. Publications & Reading Materials NOTICE 1 /18/2024 : Due to the high volume of books being received, the department is enforcing a limit of five books in total per inmate . Anything over the limit will be returned (inmate will be responsible for postage), donated, or picked up by a family member. Reading materials will be permitted into the facility only if they originate from a publisher or bookstore. Family/friends may order newspaper or magazine subscriptions for delivery to the facility and may have books sent in directly from a publisher or bookstore. No magazines, newspapers or books sent or delivered by individuals will be permitted into the facility. Any packages received or mailed directly from individuals that contain reading materials will be returned to sender if possible. If a package does not have a return address, the offender will be notified and have 2 weeks (14 days) to make arrangements for family or friends to pick it up in the lobby during Business Office hours or otherwise remove it. At the end of this period, it will be discarded. Prohibited Publications Publications that may pose a safety or security risk to the facility, including publications deemed offensive, obscene or inciteful are prohibited. The Director, Superintendent or his/her designee may declare a publication unacceptable at his/her discretion. Video Visitation and Messaging The Department of Corrections uses Global Telephone LINK Corporation (GTL), a correctional telephone provider servicing the offender population. If you need to create an account, have a billing question, are experiencing difficulties or need information about the GTL System you can call them at 888-949-3303 or contact them through the ConnectNetwork website ; your OffenderConnect.com user ID, password and phone account remain the same. Contact Us Corrections Email the Bucks County Department of Corrections Physical Address View Map 1730 S Easton Road Doylestown , PA 18901 1730 S Easton Road Doylestown PA 18901 Directions Phone: 215-345-3700 Fax: 215-918-3015 Directory PA SAVIN, Pennsylvania's Victim Notification Service, on VINELink Pennsylvania Office of Victim Services The Forensic Diversion, Treatment and Rehabilitation Center View All /QuickLinks.aspx Careers Maps & Data Parks & Rec Board of Elections Bucks County Administration Building 55 East Court Street Doylestown, PA 18901 Phone (Toll Free): 1-888-942-8257 Phone: 215-348-6000 Email Us Bucks County Justice Center 100 North Main Street Doylestown, PA 18901 Phone: 215-348-6000 Email Us Area Agency on Aging Board of Commissioners County Ordinances & Resolutions PA CareerLink® Bucks County Row Officers Workforce and Economic Development /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow