IDOC: New Castle IN.gov An official website of the Indiana State Government Language Translation Governor Mike Braun Indiana Department of Correction Find Inmate's DOC Number Start voice input Frequent Searches > Submit text search MENU Close Menu New Castle Correctional Facility IDOC Facilities Adult Correctional Facilities Current: New Castle Search DOC Number Adult Facilities Juvenile Facilities Re-Entry Services Parole Districts Communication & Support Hub New Visitor Registration Process Step 1: Register for ViaPath All Visitors must register for a ViaPath Account and be approved before scheduling in-person and online visits. Register Now Step 2: Supplemental Documentation Failure to submit this additional documentation could cause a delay in your application or may cause your application to be rejected. Search Visitation Coordinators Step 3: Schedule Visit Already registered? Remember all visitation requests observe Eastern time. Available dates and times will be listed for that incarcerated individuals facility. Schedule Visit Visitation Guidelines Community Advisory Board Program Information New Castle Correctional Facility Visitation Visiting Hours* Mon - Sun & State Holidays | 8:00 AM - 3:30 PM Visitation times are dependent on unit placement of each incarcerated individual please refer to ViaPath when scheduling for available times specific to your loved one. General Population | No Visits Wed, Every Other Weekend Unit L | Weekends Units M, 01,02 & 04 | No Visits Wed, Video Visits Only Restricted Housing & 03 | Two (2) Weds per Month Until 12:00 PM Mental Health Unit | Weds, Restrained Until 12:00 PM General Rules All visitors must register and be approved before scheduling a visit. Visitors who have already registered for video visitation through ViaPath will not need to register again. Incarcerated individuals can receive a visit from the same person every fourteen (14) days Visitations will be limited to one (1) hour but may be limited to thirty (30) mins depending on space availability Only one (1) adult will be allowed Minors are not permitted to visit the infirmary Special Visit Request Must be submitted in writing from the incarcerated individual to their Unit Manager 7 days prior to the date that the special visit is being requested. The decision will be given to the incarcerated individual and is responsible for advising the visitor of the decision. Visitors with Disabilities Visitors who require a reasonable accommodation for a disability must contact the staff member responsible for processing visitors. Request Reasonable Accommodation for Your Visit Attorney Visits Attorneys visits will not be considered as part of the offender's regular visitation schedule and these visitors need not be on the visitation list. All attorney visits are schedule by the Facility Litigation Liaison. Availability of space, security and safety of the facility determines if a special area may be set aside for attorney-client visits. If space is available, arrangements also may be made to allow clergy or approved spiritual advisors to have a separate space, outside of the regular visiting room/area, to meet with the incarcerated individual. In both cases, such space shall be observable by staff; however, staff shall not listen to the conversations. Search Facility Litigation Liaisons Resources IDOC Visitation Policy New Castle Visitation Rules Community Advisory Board Community Advisory Board meet twice per year (every six months) but may meet more often as appropriate. Purpose To open avenues of communication between the facility and the communities near its operation; To assemble an eclectic group of community stakeholders to observe the operations of the facility from time to time, and to advise facility administrative staff on quality of life issues, and provide diverse perspectives on the effectiveness of facility operations and programs; To assist with the recruitment of a diverse and professional workforce; To promote the hiring of former incarcerated individuals; To help identify available community resources that could enhance the facility’s operation; and, To assist with promoting community awareness and understanding of correctional issues, and facility and Department initiatives. Programs For more information about the variety of programs the IDOC offers, please visit the Programs page. Note: Programs vary from facility to facility and are subject to change. Not all incarcerated individuals qualify or are appropriate for every program, individuals should work with their assigned case manager to see which programs they are eligible for. *Test Assessing Secondary Completion (TASC) *Literacy/Life Skills *English as Second Language (ESL) *Thinking for a Change 4.0 (T4C) *Addiction Recovery *Purposeful Living Units Serve (PLUS) *Career Development Training *Indiana Sex Offender Management and Monitoring (INSOMM) *Military Veterans Unit (HUMV) *Vocational-Building Trades, Horticulture, Culinary Arts, Barbering, In2Work (Aramark), Master Student/Master Employee, and Business Computer Applications *Department of Labor (DOL) Apprenticeships *Creative Arts Program (CAP) *Canine Companion *Striving Towards a New Direction (STAND) *Indiana Pre-Release Orientation *Holistic Orientation and Progressive Environment Unit (HOPE) *Sober Housing Addiction Recovery Environment (SHARE) *Suicide Companion *ACT Phase 5 (Action-Consequences-Treatment) *Outpatient Psychiatric Services *Anger Management *Healthy Relationships About New Castle Correctional Facility The New Castle Correctional Facility was established in 2002 as the first Indiana Department of Correction owned, privately managed correctional facility in the state. The contract was awarded in 2005 to The GEO Group, Inc. The facility has a maximum capacity of 3,200 adult male incarcerated individuals with security levels 1-4, special needs, and maximum security. The GEO Group, Inc. works with partners to offer a vast array of services to incarcerated individuals. This includes specialized medical care, educational and therapeutic programming, and vocational opportunities. Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ I'm Interested in Volunteering Volunteers play a vital role helping the incarcerated population make a successful transition back into society. Learn More I'm Interested in a Career in Corrections Looking for an exciting new career path? Let us help you find one with the Indiana Department of Correction. Learn More New Castle Correctional Facility Address Facility Location New Castle Correctional Facility 1000 Van Nuys Road, P.O. Box E New Castle, IN 47362 Phone | (765) 593-0111 Send Mail to an Incarcerated Individual Offender Full Legal Name, DOC # New Castle Correctional Facility PO Box 460 Pheonix, MD 21131 Attorney-client privileged mail, or packages and parcels, should continue to go directly to the facility. Reminder – After July 31, 2026, any personal mail sent to the wrong location will be returned to sender. Review Mail Restrictions I Want To Locate an Incarcerated Individual Visit an Incarcerated Individual Send Money to an Incarcerated Individual Send Enhanced Commissary to an Incarcerated Individual Contact an Incarcerated Individual Obtain Records of an Incarcerated Individual Register for Victim Notification. Find a career with the Indiana Department of Correction Online Services View ICI's Product Catalog Shop ICI's Torch & Stars Apparel Store Law Enforcement Notification System Indiana SAVIN Sex and Violent Incarcerated Individual Registry More IN.gov Online Services IN.gov Subscriber Center Top FAQs Indiana Department of Correction Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Email Report Accessibility Issues Screen Reader - Speak