Iowa Medical and Classification Center | Iowa Department of Corrections Skip to main content Iowa Medical and Classification Center Image List items for Accordion - Iowa Medical and Classification Center - About Name Name Iowa Medical and Classification Center (IMCC) ⤢ Address Address 2700 Coral Ridge Ave. Coralville, IA 52241 ⤢ Phone Number Phone Number (319) 626-2391 ⤢ Community Community Oakdale ⤢ County County Johnson ⤢ Security Security Medium ⤢ Warden Warden Mike Heinricy ⤢ Opened Opened 1969 ⤢ Capacity Capacity Approx. 950 ⤢ About About IMCC serves as the reception and classification center for all those entering the adult male institutional corrections system, which is estimated to be 400-500 new commitments every month that are then processed on to the other facilities. However, IMCC is a multi-faceted facility that employs a diversified professional workforce providing comprehensive services to both offenders and patients. A medium security general population unit is in operation at IMCC and the Center also runs the only licensed forensic psychiatric hospital in the state, providing inpatient psychiatric and evaluation services to non-adjudicated patients. An additional unit consisting of 178 medical and psychiatric beds was added in 2007 to meet the increasing mental health and medical needs of the correctional population. The professional health care staff at IMCC include: dental, laboratory, medical physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, optometry, physician assistants, psychiatrists, psychologists, radiology, respiratory, and social workers. ⤢ Reports Reports FY24 Annual Report (9.75 MB) .pdf ⤢ Staff Directory Staff Directory Iowa Medical and Classification Center Staff Directory ⤢ List items for Accordion - Iowa Medical and Classification Center - Visitation Visiting Information Prisons Visiting Information How Do I Visit an Offender? How Do I Use Ameelio? ⤢ Note: If you do not have access to use the Ameelio app and are an approved visitor with DHS or are an approved attorney, you may contact the prison directly to manually schedule an in-person visit. To manually schedule a visit with IMCC and you do not meet the above criteria, the I/I must have an approved "special visit". To schedule, please call (319) 626-4205 from 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. All visits scheduled through a call will be first-come, first-serve basis and will be within the above visiting time frames. Note: Per department visitation policy, all visitors upon entrance to the institutions shall be subject to search. Security and contraband control are critical operational requirements, necessitating a search of all visitors by trained correctional staff. Searches may include, but are not limited to, a pat down, metal detectors, electronic ion scanners, other electronic devices, or visual searches. If visitors refuse to comply with the department visitation policy, entrance to the visiting room will be denied. In-Person Visiting Hours Prisons In-Person Visiting Hours Saturday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm Sunday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm ⤢ Note: Reservations in Ameelio App ONLY Note: Length - 2 hours Video Visiting Hours Prisons Video Visiting Hours Thursday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm Friday 10:00 am - 6:00 pm ⤢ Note: Reservations in Ameelio App ONLY Note: Length - 1 hour List items for Accordion - Iowa Medical and Classification Center - Programs Offered Educational Opportunities Programs Offered · Adult Basic Education · English as a Second Language (ESL) · High School Equivalency Diploma (HiSET) · Post-Secondary classes · Special Education classes · Vocational classes ⤢ How can we help? Share feedback with us © 2026 State of Iowa - Read our accessibility, data, and privacy policies .