DIRECTIVE 
TITLE 
Packages & Articles Sent to 
Facilities 
NO. 
4911 
DATE 
12/21/2023 
SUPERSEDES 
 DIR #4911  Dtd. 05/08/23 
DISTRIBUTION 
  A  B 
PAGES 
PAGE 1 OF  25 
DATE LAST REVISED 
 
REFERENCES (Include but are not limited to) 
See Section II 
   
APPROVING AUTHORITY 
 
  
I. DESCRIPTION:  This directive establishes the policy of the Department concerning  the 
ordering of packages and articles from a vendor by incarcerated individuals and their family 
and friends which will be received through the mail into facility package rooms. 
Only packages received directly from a vendor will be permitted, except for up to two non -
food packages per calendar year, which may be provided by the family or friends of an 
incarcerated individual.  This directive only lists articles which may be received through the 
package room.  It does not set forth a comprehensive list of all articles that an in carcerated 
individual may be authorized to have. 
II. REFERENCES   
• 7NYCRR Part 724  
• ACA Expected Practices  
o 5-ACI-7D-04, 5-ACI-7D-07, 5-ACI-7D-08, 5-ACI-7D-09, 5-ACI-7F-05  
• Directives #2614, #2733, #2798, #4202, #4422, #4425, #4572, #4761, #4910A, #4913, 
#4920, #4933, #4933D 
• Guide to Financial Operations  
III. APPLICABILITY:  This directive applies to all incarcerated individuals except as follows: 
A. Package privileges for those assigned to a Special Housing Unit (SHU) are restricted 
and limited by Directive #4933, “Special Housing Units.”  
B. Incarcerated individuals in reception status at the Department’s reception/classification 
facilities will not be allowed to receive packages for 30 days from the date of reception.  
C. Incarcerated individuals will not be allowed to receive packages while “in -transit” 
(temporarily housed at another facility).  
D. Incarcerated individuals housed in Lakeview Shock Incarceration Facility, Drug 
Treatment Centers, CASAT, Work Release Facilities, IASAT or Edgecombe Residential 
Treatment Facility will not be allowed to receive packages except as may be specifically 
authorized and limited by the Deputy Commissioner for Correctional Facilities.  
IV. POLICY 
A. General 
1. The Commissioner may, at their discretion, suspend all or any portion of this 
directive at any or all facilities.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 2 of 25 
2. This directive lists articles which may be received from vendors, and up to two non-
food packages per calendar year from family and friends of an incarcerated 
individual, through the package room.  Books, magazines, and periodicals may 
also be received from licensed charities and bona fide religious organizations.  No 
other articles may be received unless expressly authorized by the Deputy 
Commissioner for Correctional Facilities in accordance with subsection V-A-2.  No 
changes shall be made in the application of  the provisions of this directive without 
the express authorization of the Deputy Commissioner for Correctional Facilities.  
3. Articles received in a package that are not for the in carcerated individual’s personal 
use or which cause the incarcerated individual recipient to exceed in-cell limits as 
determined by this directive and Directive #4913, “Incarcerated Individual 
Property,” will not be allowed.  When an in carcerated individual signs for a 
package, they will attest (a) that the articles are only for personal use, and (b) that 
receipt will not cause the incarcerated individual to exceed personal property limits 
(see Attachment A for a listing of allowable property).  If an in carcerated individual  
refuses to sign for a package, it will be disposed of in accordance with Directive 
#4913. 
4. For the purposes of this directive, the value of an article shall be the actual 
purchase price, not including any tax, or shipping and handling. 
5. An article received by an incarcerated individual under any previous version of this 
directive but not listed as allowable under this version may be retained by that 
incarcerated individual for only as long as the incarcerated individual remains at 
their current facility, except as provided below.  A disallowed article must be 
disposed of prior to transfer in accordance with Directive #4913.  Such article may 
not be given to or transferred to another in carcerated individual.   
An incarcerated individual will be permitted to retain electronic devices received 
under a previous version of this directive (i.e., without clear cases) if transferred to 
a new facility but may not transfer ownership to another incarcerated individual 
under any circumstances. 
6. Where an article received under this or any previous version of this directive is 
subsequently declared prohibited by order of the Deputy Commissioner for 
Correctional Facilities, it must be disposed of in accordance with Directive #4913.  
There shall be a three-month grace period for articles in an in carcerated 
individual’s possession which subsequently become prohibited, unless otherwise 
specified by the Deputy Commissioner for Correctional Facilities.  However, if the 
prohibited article represents a thre at to the safety or security of the institution, the 
incarcerated individual shall be required to dispose of it immediately.  In no case 
shall an incarcerated individual be allowed to possess a prohibited article upon 
transfer to another facility. 
7. The Department is not responsible for articles damaged in shipping or received in 
spoiled condition.  Spoiled food articles , or items which are contaminated or in 
broken or leaking containers are considered a health risk and will be destroyed by 
the facility.  Such destruction will be recorded on the in carcerated individual’s 
package records (Form #1755, “Non-Food Package Record,” and Form #1755F, 
“Food Package Record”). 
8. All return-to-sender packages must be recorded on Form #1755, and in the 
“Department System for Tracking Incarcerated Individual Packages & Visits ” 
(KVPR) System.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 3 of 25 
9. There shall be no exchange of funds or packages between in carcerated 
individuals, except as authorized in Directive #4761, “ Incarcerated Individual 
Charitable Contributions and Gifts.”  
10. Excluding weekends and holidays, or emergency situations, incoming packages 
are held for no more than 72 hours.  This does not prohibit the withholding of 
packages for incarcerated individuals temporarily absent from the facility as set 
forth in subsection IV-K-2. 
11. Items (except for jewelry) designated as gender specific (male only or female only) 
may be received by an incarcerated individual whose gender identity on record with 
the Department is consistent with the specified gender, regardless of the gender 
classification of the facility where they are being housed.  As such, female only 
items will be permitted for trans gender females and male only items will be 
permitted for transgender males.  Gender nonconforming, gender nonbinary , 
individuals with a gender dysphoria diagnosis, and intersex individuals may receive 
items approved for either males or females.  Certain items as indicated in this 
directive will require a medical permit . 
NOTE: The State considers gender dysphoria a disability, any incarcerated 
individual diagnosed with gender dysphoria can file a reasonable accommodation 
to access clothing for both sexes in accordance with Directive #2614, “Reasonable 
Accommodations for Incarcerated Individuals with Disabilities.”    
B. Searches of Packages 
1. Packages shall be searched thoroughly to ensure that all articles conform to 
regulations.  Articles will be removed from the original shipping container (box or 
bag in which the package was shipped to the facility) and inspected visually and by 
use of the x-ray machine.  In searching and examining packages, care shall be 
taken not to damage or destroy the contents.  The shipping container (bag or box) 
will not be given to the incarcerated individual. 
2. Absent security concerns, the original product packaging will not be opened or 
removed.  If there are security concerns (e.g., if abnormalities are detected in x -
rays, packaging, feel or texture, weight, labeling, etc. ), then the contents of 
individual articles may be removed from the originally sealed packaging for the 
inspection process.  Food articles may be transferred to clear plastic bags or other 
appropriate containers.  In the event an individual article is removed from the 
originally sealed packaging due to a security concern, the processing officer will 
prepare a memorandum detailing the reasoning for removal.  The original memo 
will be placed in the incarcerated individual’s package room file with a copy sent to 
the Deputy Superintendent for Security (DSS).   
3. Absent security concerns, the original labels that show product information (e.g., 
expiration date, ingredients, warranty, quantity, etc.) shall be preserved with their 
related products.  In the event original labels are withheld due to a security 
concern, the processing officer will prepare a memorandum detailing the reasoning 
for removal.  The original memo will be placed in the incarcerated individual’s 
package room file with a copy sent to the DSS.    
4. Any correspondence, photos, cash, or money orders included in the package will 
be forwarded to the appropriate area (i.e., mailroom, business office) to be 
processed in accordance with Directive #4422, “ Incarcerated Individual 
Correspondence Program,” and Directive #2798, “In carcerated Individual 
Accounts.”

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 4 of 25 
Package room staff will list the items (i.e., correspondence , photos, money orders, 
cash) on the incarcerated individual’s Form #1755 or Form #1755F, indicating the 
transfer to the appropriate area.  A receipt, Form #2702, “Mail Receipt Book,” for all 
cash and money orders will be issued by package room staff.   
The receipt number will be recorded on the in carcerated individual’s Form #1755 or 
Form #1755F.  All cash receipts are to be handled in accordance with the  Office of 
the State Comptroller (OSC) Guide to Financial Operations.  
Promotional materials (e.g., prizes, informational discs, etc.) or other non -product 
items or substances sealed within original packaging or attached to an allowed 
article will be removed prior to issue.  These materials will be disposed of in 
accordance with Directive #4913.  
5. Inspection and processing of religious articles shall be conducted in such a manner 
as to respect their religious significance.  If an article’s religious significance is in 
doubt, the facility chaplain shall be consulted.  If an article is suspected of be ing 
contraband, it may be tested as appropriate.  Articles which are considered or 
suspected of being contraband, or which are under evaluation for authenticity or 
religious significance, shall be secured by the DSS pending disposition and 
notification of the affected incarcerated individual.  If the incarcerated individual 
files a grievance within 21 days of receipt of a notice that an article has been 
denied, such religious article shall be retained by the facility pending the final 
resolution and closing of the grievance.  
6. Contraband:  Contraband articles shall be confiscated, and the Superintendent or 
designee notified.  Contraband will include any article:  
a. Which possession of is prohibited under any law applicable to the general 
public. 
b. Which is readily capable of being used to cause death or serious physical 
injury, including but not limited to handguns, shoulder guns, cartridges, knives, 
explosives, intoxicants, or dangerous drugs (e.g., narcotics).  
c. Which could be utilized to assist or affect an escape or undermine the safety 
and security and/or practices consistent with the Department mission, such as 
unauthorized electronic devices (e.g., cellular telephones, etc.) . 
d. Which has been introduced into a correctional facility with the intent to transfer 
it to an incarcerated individual without the permission of the Superintendent or 
their designee. 
e. Which is an approved item, but it has been altered from its original intent 
and/or purpose. 
7. Articles not permitted (other than contraband)  
In the case of articles not permitted for general confinement in carcerated 
individuals (non-restricted incarcerated individuals), the incarcerated individual  
will be given the opportunity to view the disallowed article and then choose a 
disposal option by signing Form #2068, “Authorization for Disposal of Personal 
Property.”  If the choice is to ship the article, the in carcerated individual will fill 
out a disbursement form for the cost of the shipping.  The package room will 
send out the package and forward the disbursement form to the business 
office for processing.  If funds are available, the facility business office will 
deduct the amount of the disbursement from the in carcerated individual’s 
account.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 5 of 25 
If funds are not available, the business office will establish an encumbrance for 
the amount of the disbursement.  Items sent out via visitor will be held a 
maximum of 14 days pending arrival of a visitor.  A second choice for 
disposition should be made in case a visitor does not come or accept the 
item(s).   
a. Articles not disposed of within 14 days , will be destroyed or donated to a 
charity by the facility.  It is clearly not the Department’s intent to give each 
incarcerated individual 14 days to choose a disposal option, requiring storage 
by the facility.  It is the intent that an incarcerated individual be given a clear 
notice that an article is not permitted and a clear opportunity to choose how 
such an article will be disposed of.  
8. Articles will not be altered or modified by the manufacturer or vendor, except for 
removal of external radio antennas.  Articles will not be altered or modified once 
they arrive at the facility in order to comply with the specifications set forth in this 
directive. 
9. If an item is not listed as allowable in Attachment A, the item will not be issued to 
the incarcerated individual and the decision to withhold it is not reviewable under 
this directive.  However, if an item is listed as allowable but was not issued 
because, in the opinion of processing staff, it did not meet applicable specifications 
regarding size, cost, ingredients, property limits, color, etc., the in carcerated 
individual may request a review of that decision.   
The incarcerated individual must first complete Form #2068 and a disbursement 
form, if appropriate, identifying the item to be reviewed and the disposal option 
desired.  The area supervisor shall then review the item in question during the 
course of scheduled rounds.  The in carcerated individual’s presence is not 
required.  Upon completion of the review, the supervisor shall sign and date Form 
#2068 and indicate whether the item is to be allowed and issued to the 
incarcerated individual, or disallowed and processed for disposal.  A copy of the 
completed Form #2068 will then be forwarded to the incarcerated individual.   
NOTE:  If the incarcerated individual refuses to complete and sign Form #2068, no 
review will be conducted and the item will be disposed of as disallowed property in 
accordance with Directive #4913.   
C. Donation (Charitable Organization)   
1. It is the responsibility of the incarcerated individual to provide the name and 
address of the bona fide charity in Section 2 of Form #2068.  Failure to do so will 
be considered a refusal to fully complete Form #2068 and disposition of the items 
will be at the discretion of the “DSS/First Deputy Superintendent 
(FDS)/Superintendent (SUPT)” as outlined in Section 6 of the form . 
2. Any shipping costs associated with donating the excess personal property or 
disallowed package items will be the responsibility of the incarcerated individual.  If 
the incarcerated individual has insufficient funds, the disposition of the items will be 
at the discretion of the “DSS/FDS/SUPT” as outlined in Section 6 of Form #2068.   
3. If the charitable organization is determined not to be a bona fide charity, the 
disposition of the items will be at the discretion of the “DSS/FDS/SUPT” as outlined 
in Section 6 of Form #2068.   
4. If the charitable organization refuses to accept the items, the disposition of the 
items will be at the discretion of the “DSS/FDS/SUPT” as outlined in Section 6 of 
Form #2068.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 6 of 25 
D. Food Packages:  Incarcerated individuals may receive three packages a month 
containing foodstuffs from a vendor, as listed in Attachment A, the combined weight of 
which shall not exceed 40 pounds.  The three packages a month are based on when 
they are received at the facility, not when they are ordered.   
Incarcerated individuals, friends, and/or family members ordering food packages from 
vendors who serve as third party fulfillment services, must pay special attention, as 
these companies may split orders when shipping, causing the incarcerated individual to 
exceed the number of monthly allowable food packages.  Food packages exceeding the 
established limit will be denied.   
E. Personal Release Clothing:  Incarcerated individuals wishing to wear personal release 
clothing, may receive such items directly from family and/or friends no earlier than two 
weeks prior to their scheduled release date, but in any event, no later than 72 hours 
prior to same.   
NOTE:  No cellphones, smart watches, or similar items are allowed.  
F. Packages from Vendors Received by Mail (U.S. Postal Service, UPS, FedEx, etc.)    
1. Incoming 
a. An incarcerated individual may receive a package through the mail from any 
vendor that is not on the disapproved vendor list.  The package must bear the 
incarcerated individual’s name and Department  Identification Number (DIN) on 
the packaging.   
b. A package from a vendor must bear the  return address as affixed or printed 
(not handwritten) by the vendor or it will not be delivered to the in carcerated 
individual.  The unopened package, with no return address or insufficient 
return address will be first x-rayed for contraband.  The package will then be 
opened.  If any contraband is found, it will be processed in accordance with 
Directive #4910A, “Contraband/Evidence – Handling, Storage, and 
Disposition,” and any remaining contents disposed of as directe d by the DSS.  
If no contraband is found, the incarcerated individual will be given the option to 
send the package out at their expense or to have it destroyed.  In all cases, 
the disposition of the package will be recorded on Form #2068 and the 
incarcerated individual’s package record. 
NOTE:  If a vendor attempts to transmit contraband within a package, such matters 
must be reported by the Deputy Superintendent for Administration (DSA) to Support 
Operations via Form SOPVDR, “Incarcerated Individual Package Vendor 
Disapproval Request Form,” to request addition to the disapproved vendor list.  
2. Outgoing 
a. All packages sent from a facility at an in carcerated individual’s request, 
including surplus, non-allowed, or transferred articles, shall be processed 
through the package room.  All expenses shall be borne by the incarcerated 
individual. 
b. All packages sent from a facility shall be receipted by the carrier.  If a 
receipted carrier is not used, the incarcerated individual must insure the 
package in order to get a receipt.   
c. The incarcerated individual may also be required to pay for a shipping 
container approved by the U.S. Postal Service.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 7 of 25 
d. Articles which require repair or service may only be sent to a vendor or 
business which is not on the disapproved vendor list, and which is recognized 
as providing the needed repair or service.  Repairs and service will not be 
done in the facility except where authorized by the Superintendent (e.g. , at a 
State-run repair shop) and strictly controlled.  
e. An incarcerated individual wishing to send a package or gift to a relative 
incarcerated in another Department facility must obtain authorization from their 
assigned Offender Rehabilitation Coordinator (ORC)  and approval of the 
facility Superintendent, contingent upon agreement by the receiving facility 
Superintendent.   
NOTE:  The transfer of funds and art and craft products between in carcerated 
individuals is governed by Directive #4761. 
3. Art and Handicraft Supplies:  Art and handicraft supplies may only be received 
through a facility package room from a vendor.  Such materials will only be 
admitted under local permit and made available for the in carcerated individual’s 
use in their living quarters or other areas designated by the facility Superintendent.   
NOTE:  The policies and procedures for shipping and receiving incarcerated individual 
tablets are outlined in Directive #4425, “In carcerated Individual Tablet Program.” 
G. Packages Directly From Family and Friends by Mail (U.S. Postal Service, UPS, FedEx, 
etc.):  An incarcerated individual may receive up to two non -food packages per calendar 
year from family and friends by mail.  The package must bear the incarcerated 
individual’s name and DIN on the packaging.  The package must also bear a return 
address that includes the sender’s first and last name.  
H. Package Records 
1. All articles received shall be recorded on Forms #1755 and Form #1755F, with the 
sender’s name and address and the name and DIN of the in carcerated individual 
recipient. 
2. The incarcerated individual shall sign Departmental Form #1755V, “Receipted 
Value Record,” listing any single article received which has a verified value of more 
than $30.00.  Any article priced or valued at over $ 30.00 must be accompanied by 
the vendor’s original receipt, bill, or invoice.  The original receipt, bill, or invoice 
must be printed, handwritten will not be accepted.  A copy of Form #1755V will be 
filed in the package room folder and a copy given to the in carcerated individual.  
These articles include, but are not limited to, the following: 
Art and handicraft supplies  
Authorized religious apparel 
Audio equipment 
Blanket 
Calculator 
Clothing articles 
Electric shaver/razor 
Electronic devices 
Gloves (baseball mitt, handball, bag)  
Hair dryer/blow dryer/curling 
iron 
Footwear 
Jewelry 
Musical instruments 
Rug/prayer rug 
Sunglasses 
Typewriter 
Watch & Watch band

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 8 of 25 
3. A current listing of “local permits” issued per Section V shall be maintained by the 
facility in the package room. 
4. Special Watch Notations:  A notation shall be made on an in carcerated individual’s 
package room record if: 
a. A sender to that incarcerated individual attempts to transmit contraband within 
a package. 
b. An incarcerated individual has been found in possession of contraband that 
was determined to have been received within a package . 
c. An incarcerated individual has been found guilty of drug -related misbehavior. 
These notations shall alert staff to take appropriate precautions to prevent 
smuggling of drugs, drug paraphernalia, or other contraband in subsequent 
packages.  However, any notations which correspond to disciplinary proceedings 
against an incarcerated individual, but which are later dismissed or reversed must 
be expunged from the incarcerated individual ’s package room records. 
I. Loss of Package Privileges   
1. Packages received for an incarcerated individual serving a disciplinary disposition 
which includes “loss of package privileges” will be handled as follows:  
a. From a Publisher – shall be given to the incarcerated individual subject to the 
provisions of Directive #4572, “Media Review.”  
b. From a Vendor  
(1) If ordered by the incarcerated individual, and approved by the business 
office prior to the disciplinary disposition, the package shall be issued to 
the incarcerated individual, otherwise, the package shall be returned to 
sender. 
(2) If ordered by family or a correspondent, the package shall be handled as 
set forth in subsection IV-I-1-b-(3). 
(3) From All Other Sources 
(a) If received during the first five days of “loss of packages,” they shall 
be delivered to the incarcerated individual unless they have been 
confined in a SHU.   
(b) If received after the first five days of “loss of packages,” they shall be 
returned to sender unopened. 
2. An incarcerated individual who orders a package while under a loss of package 
disposition will have the package returned to sender and will be responsible for any 
expense associated with return of the package.  
J. Packages Received for Incarcerated Individuals in a Special Housing Unit (SHU) 
1. Pending disciplinary action, or during first five days of a “loss of packages” 
disposition:   
Package items, except for books, periodicals, legal materials and perishables, shall 
be placed in the incarcerated individual’s property, and added to the incarcerated 
individual’s property inventory on Form #2064, “Personal Property Transferred,” 
books, periodicals, and legal materials may be given to the in carcerated individual  
subject to the limitations in Directive #4933, but perishables shall be disposed of in 
accordance with Directive #4913.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 9 of 25 
2. Serving a disciplinary disposition, or after the first five days of a “loss of packages” 
disposition:  The incarcerated individual will be afforded package privileges in 
accordance with Directive #4933.  
K. Packages Received for Incarcerated Individuals Transferred or Temporarily Absent from 
the Facility    
1. Transfer 
a. During processing for transfer, the incarcerated individual will be directed to 
indicate on Form #2064 whether they will pay for postage to forward any 
package received within 14 days at the sending facility.  If the incarcerated 
individual elects to pay for package forwarding, they shall also sign a 
disbursement form marked “Postage Due.”  If the in carcerated individual fails 
or refuses to indicate their choice or hasn’t signed a disbursement form, 
packages received will be returned to sender.  
b. The goldenrod copy of Form #2064 and signed disbursement form shall be 
maintained in a file at the sending facility.  Whenever a package is received for 
an incarcerated individual no longer at the facility, package room staff shall 
check Form #2064 to determine the incarcerated individual’s choice. 
c. Any package received after 14 days from the incarcerated individual’s date of 
transfer will be returned to sender.  Where a package is received within 14 
days and the incarcerated individual has indicated that they will pay forwarding 
postage and has signed a disbursement form, the shipping facility will absorb 
the cost of shipping from its postage appropriation and ship the package, and 
send a copy of the incarcerated individual’s Form #2064 and the signed 
disbursement form to the business office at the incarcerated individual’s new 
facility. 
d. Upon receipt at the incarcerated individual’s new facility, the forwarded 
package will be issued in accordance with the provisions of this directive.  If 
funds are not available to process the disbursement, the in carcerated 
individual’s account will be encumbered for the owed amount.  When any 
encumbrance is fully collected, the collecting facility will use the funds 
collected to refund its own postage appropriation.  
e. Packages must not be forwarded to incarcerated individuals at Work Release 
facilities but returned to sender.  
2. Temporary absence (out-to-court, or hospital, or in-transit to another facility )   
a. A package for an incarcerated individual who is temporarily absent shall be x -
rayed.  If the package contains perishables, it shall be returned to sender.  If 
no perishables are found, the package shall be stored by the facility unless it is 
determined that the incarcerated individual is likely to be absent in excess of 
14 days.   
b. Where the incarcerated individual is expected to be or has already been 
absent in excess of 14 days, the matter shall be referred to the DSS to 
determine if the package should be held longer or returned to sender.  
V. LOCAL PERMITS 
A. Certain articles cannot be approved Department  wide because of programmatic and 
physical plant characteristics of individual facilities.  In order that those locations which 
can accommodate special articles are not governed by those which cannot, each facility 
may consider the issuance of “local permit s” in accordance with the following:

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 10 of 25 
1. Local permits for articles so marked and listed in this directive require the approval 
of the facility Superintendent, but do not require the approval of the Deputy 
Commissioner for Correctional Facilities.  
2. Local permits for articles not listed in this directive require the recommendation of 
the facility Superintendent and the approval of the Deputy Commissioner for 
Correctional Facilities.  Such recommendations shall include:  
a. Identification of the article for which a local permit is recommended . 
b. The Superintendent’s rationale for the recommendation. 
c. Specific terms and conditions regarding the use of the article as prescribed in 
subsection V-A-5. 
3. Any article approved by local permit shall be clearly identified by mark or label and 
a record of such identification maintained by the facility.  The original permit shall 
be maintained in the incarcerated individual’s package records and a copy given to 
the incarcerated individual.  The incarcerated individual must retain their copy of 
the permit to protect the privilege of retaining this article.  
4. By signing the local permit, the incarcerated individual shall indicate their 
understanding that the permit is valid only in their current facility and, in the event 
that they are transferred and cannot obtain a local permit for the article at their 
subsequent location, the article must be disposed of at the incarcerated individual’s 
expense. 
5. The local permit shall specify the terms and conditions regarding the use of the 
article (with respect to program and periods or locations in which the article may be 
used) and indicate that failure to adhere to such terms and conditions may result in 
the revocation of the permit.  If a permit is revoked, the article will be confiscated 
and disposed of at the incarcerated individual’s expense in accordance with 
Directive #4913.  The incarcerated individual’s signature shall indicate their 
agreement with these terms and conditions.  If the incarcerated individual refuses 
to sign the permit, the permit shall not be granted.    
B. Each Superintendent is required to maintain a current list of all approved local permits 
to include: 
1. Identification of incarcerated individual. 
2. Identification of the article. 
3. Identification of the approving authority . 
4. Date of approval by the Deputy Commissioner for Correctional Facilities.  
VI. ALLOWABLE ARTICLES:  Attachment A identifies the only articles which may be allowed 
through facility package rooms.  Articles will only be accepted through the package room , 
subject to the conditions and restrictions set forth in this directive and specified on each 
article listing.   
Conditions and restrictions set forth on the attached lists cover sources, content ingredients, 
packaging, quantities, colors, sizes, composition, cost or value, etc., and whether a local 
permit is required.  All articles must be new (unused), except for  non-electronic musical 
instruments, books, magazines, and periodicals, and not exceed the price or value limits set 
forth for various articles on the attached lists.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 11 of 25 
VII. INCARCERATED INDIVIDUAL PERSONAL PROPERTY CLAIM FOR PACKAGES 
All incarcerated individual personal property claims for packages mailed to a facility will be 
processed in accordance with Directive #2733, “Incarcerated Individual Personal Property 
Claim.”  Claims may only be submitted by an incarcerated individual for packages that have 
been documented as delivered to the facility.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 12 of 25 Attachment A 
 
NEW YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS AND COMMUNITY SUPERVISION 
DIRECTIVE #4911, "PACKAGES AND ARTICLES SENT TO FACILITIES" 
 
The attached lists identify the only articles which may be allowed through facility package 
rooms.   
Articles will only be accepted through the package room subject to the conditions and 
restrictions set forth in this directive and specified on each article listing.   
Conditions and restrictions set forth on the attached lists cover sources, content ingredients, 
packaging, quantities, colors, sizes, composition, cost or value, etc., and whether a local 
permit is required. 
All articles must not exceed the price or value limits set forth for various articles on the 
attached lists.   
All articles must be new (unused), except for non -electronic musical instruments, books, 
magazines, and periodicals. 
 
 
Approved Lists: 
 
Page 
A. Food Items            A-1 
B. Food Utensils       A-2 
C. Tobacco Products            A-3 
D. Toilet 
Articles/Cosmetics 
      A-4 
E. Clothing       A-5, A-6 
F. Educational 
Supplies 
      A-7, A-8 
G. Miscellaneous       A-9, A-10 
H. Recreational 
Supplies 
           A-11 
I. Art & Hobby 
Supplies 
      A-12 
J. Religious Articles       A-13

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 13 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
A-1 
A. FOOD ITEMS 
General Restrictions 
Contents 
- No alcoholic content or ingredients. 
- No creatine content or ingredients. 
- No vitamin, nutrient or protein-enriched food or drink mixes. 
- No energy food or drink mixes. 
- No poppy seeds. 
- No foods containing marshmallows. 
- No frozen foods.  Food items labeled with a freeze by date may be allowed, provided they are not frozen, require freezing, or 
have been previously frozen. 
- No USDA or Government surplus food. 
- No home, bakery, restaurant, or delicatessen prepared foods. 
- Peppers or hot sauce not to exceed 3600 Scoville Units. 
- No foods containing hot peppers (whole or pieces). 
Packaging 
- No glass containers or cans. 
- Items, except for fresh fruits and vegetables, must be received commercially packaged in airtight hermetically sealed 
containers impervious to external influence (i.e., heat sealed plastic bags, and vacuum sealed pouches).  Containers with 
paper, plastic, or foil seals are not allowed (e.g., tubular potato chip container, powdered drink mix container wrapped with 
plastic seal, or coffee creamer plastic jar with a paper or foil seal).  A food item contained within a commercially packaged 
glued outer paper or cardboard box does not, standing alone, make the item disallowed, if the item inside the box is further 
commercially packaged in a heat-sealed plastic bag.  Resealable packaging is permitted. 
- All items must have a commercially printed ingredients list on the packaging. 
Individual Items Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Beverages/Liquid Including concentrates, must be in pouches or boxes only; max. size 32 oz. ea. 
b. Beverages/Mixes Dry, max. size 32 oz. ea. 
c. Bread  
d. Pouched food Max. size 16 oz. ea.; products must not require cooking (as designated on the manufacturer’s 
label); microwavable containers are allowed.  Cans are not allowed. 
e. Candy No chewing gum, hollow candy or components (e.g., Twizzlers, lollipop sticks) 
f. Cheese Sliced or chunk 
g. Coffee  
h. Condiments 16 oz. max. except hot sauce – 7 oz. max., allowed:  ketchup, mustard (including hot and/or 
Dijon), honey, mayonnaise, sweet relish, soy sauce, barbeque sauce, Goya Sazon (flavored 
packets), taco sauce, tomato sauce, tomato paste. 
i. Dried coffee cream 16 oz. max. 
j. Fruit No dried 
k. Meats Must be ready to eat (i.e., pre-cooked, cured, smoked, cold cuts) 
l. Nuts Without shells 
m. Oatmeal No raisin combination. 
n. Pastry  
o. Raisins Max. 2 oz. per food pkg. 
p. Seafood Cooked, cured or smoked only; no shells 
q. Snacks Potato chips, pretzels, cheese twists, crackers, cookies, and other similar items (or combinations 
of approved food items, except for those combinations/mixes containing raisins).  No uncooked 
popcorn. 
r. Vegetables Fresh, that do not require cooking (except in facilities that permit cooking) Mushrooms 
commercially packaged.

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 14 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
B. FOOD UTENSILS 
General Restrictions 
- Plastic only (except where metal cooking utensils are permitted by the Superintendent under local permit). 
- No double-wall (e.g., foam core or insulated) containers. 
- No logos. 
Individual Items Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Bowls 2-quart max. 
b. Cups No larger than 16 oz. 
c. Drinking containers No larger than 16 oz.  
d. Saucers  
e. Food storage 
containers 
2-quart max., clear only 
f. Spoons Pliable only 
g. Forks/”sporks”  Pliable only 
h. Plates  
i. Thermos bottle  2-quart. max.; molded plastic only 
  
A-2

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 15 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
C. TOBACCO PRODUCTS 
General Restrictions 
- Must be 21 years of age to purchase or receive tobacco products. 
- Tobacco products must be in the original commercially sealed containers. 
- No snuff or chewing tobacco products. 
- Cigarettes must bear New York State Tax Stamps - no exceptions. 
Individual Items Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Cigarettes Max. 2 cartons per month: unflavored or menthol only 
b. Cigarette roller Limit 1; plastic only 
c. Cigarette papers Unflavored or menthol only 
d. Cigars Max. 50 per month: unflavored or menthol only.  No plastic or wooden tips.    
e. Pipes and pipe 
cleaners 
 
f. Tobacco, loose  Max. 12 oz. per month, unflavored or menthol only 
g.    Cigarette tubes Max. 400 tubes per month filtered, non-filtered; 100’s or king size, unflavored or menthol flavor. 
 
  
A-3

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 16 of 25 
Attachment A, Cont. 
D. TOILET ARTICLES/ COSMETICS 
General Restrictions 
- No item may be received which lists alcohol as an ingredient.  The only exception is stearyl alcohol. 
- No skin tanning or coloring or hair coloring products. 
- Maximum size of any single item is 16 oz., unless otherwise specified. 
- No glass, except when approved toiletries cannot be obtained in plastic containers, then one ounce glass containers may be 
permitted when received directly from an approved store or manufacturer as packaged by them.  The containerized items listed 
below are acceptable (1) if received in commercially sealed plastic containers, or (2) when received directly from a vendor as 
packaged by them. 
- No pump style containers. 
- No hemp oil or derivatives of hemp in contents. 
- NOTE:  Toilet articles/cosmetics are not restricted based upon gender specific marketing (i.e., products marketed for men, women, 
or as gender neutral are permissible unless other restrictions apply). 
Individual Items Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Afro pick Plastic 
b. Aftershave lotion  
c. Baby oil   
d. Comb 
........................ 
Plastic; max. length 6"; no handle 
e. Cream rinse/ 
conditioner 
Any brand 
f. Denture adhesive   
g. Denture cleanser 
...... 
Tablets only 
h. Denture cup 
.............. 
Plastic; transparent only 
i. Deodorant 
................. 
Stick-type only, any brand 
j. Emery boards Non-metal 
k. Fingernail clipper 
...... 
2 ½" max.; no file 
l. Hairbrush 
................. 
Plastic; no removable handle or compartment 
m. Hair dressing 
............. 
Non-medicated; incl. cream and gel.  
n. Hair ties 
…………….. 
o. Hairnet 
Hair bands, hair rubber bands, ponytail holders; no stones or metal 
o. Hand/face cream or 
lotion 
Any brand 
p. Mirror 
........................ 
8" x 10” x 1/4" max. size; plastic only 
q. Mouthwash  
r. Shampoo Any brand 
s. Shaving items -
brush, cream, cup, 
soap 
 
t. Soap 
......................... 
Standard size bar; no soap-on-a-rope 
u. Soap dish 
.................. 
Plastic 
v. Stick cologne / 
perfume 
Stick only, 0.5 oz., 3 max. per month 
w. Toenail clipper 
.......... 
3 ½" max.; no file 
x. Toothbrush 
............... 
Non-electric 
y. Tweezers  
Females Only Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Facial makeup face powder (translucent only, 1 oz. maximum size), lipstick (clear only 0.15 oz. maximum size) 
b. Hair fasteners 
........... 
Barrettes, bobbie pins, hair rollers, (in addition to hair ties, above); no stones  
c.   d.   e. Menstrual Products Female only or by medical permit 
 A-4

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 17 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
 
E. CLOTHING 
General Restrictions (all clothing items):  No quilted clothing or snorkel-type hoods, except where indicated.  No leather (except 
footwear and belts).  No mesh materials (Except footwear.  NOTE:  mesh materials may not create a pocket).  No spandex-type 
material.  No denim.  No removable linings. 
Colors:  Except as indicated below, blue, black, gray, or orange colors are not permitted.  Any shades of colors such as melon, 
peach, aqua, etc., that are not readily distinguishable from blue, black, gray, or orange are not permitted.  Solid colors only, except 
where indicated. 
Value:  Except as indicated, no item may exceed $90 in value. 
Footwear (#1, below):  No hollow or platform heels or soles.  No camouflage designs.  No metal shanks/ supports or toes.  No 
pointed toes, spiked heels, pockets, compartments, clog-type or pump (air-inflation) footwear.  No memory foam.  No metal/stone or 
clip-on decorations.  No special edition (e.g., athletic logo or signature).  Max. height of heels is: 2".  Measure boot height from 
bottom of heel.  Size must be within 1 size of that being worn by incarcerated individual. 
Outerwear (#2, below):  Natural fabrics only (e.g., cotton, wool). 
1. Footwear   Color Additional Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Baseball/soccer 
shoes 
Any color but blue Non-removable rubber cleats only, 3/8" max. 
b. Boots Any color but blue Total height 8" 
c. Rubber galoshes, 
overshoes 
Any color Total height 10" 
d. Sandals Any color but blue Must be secure to the foot (i.e., use ankle strap), no Velcro, plastic 
cinch, elastic cord enclosures. 
e. Shoes Any color but blue  
f. Shower shoes Any color  
g. Slippers Any color but blue  
h. Sneakers Any color combination but blue  
2. Outerwear  Color Additional Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Earmuffs  Plastic band (no metal) 
b. Gloves/mittens Black permitted Wrist length 
c. Jacket Solid green only (including lining) 3/4 max. length; military-style field jackets are allowed but short-
waisted Ike-style jackets are not allowed; no hood; no patches, 
insignia, or decals. None labeled "chemical protective." 
d. Rain hat Clear transparent plastic   
e. Rain jacket/ poncho Clear transparent plastic Hood permitted; max. value $25 
f. Scarves   
g. Winter knit watch 
cap 
Black permitted  
   
  
A-5

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 18 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
A-6 
 
3. Sportswear Color Additional Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Athletic supporter   No metal or plastic cups; males only 
b. Baseball caps  No logos, no military style 
c. Shorts   Gym or Bermuda style; not to extend below the knee or higher than 
mid-thigh; no cargo style pockets; no form-fitting or spandex type; 
no denim; no logos or lettering 
d. Sweatshirts, 
sweatpants 
 Cloth only; no hoods permitted; may have a multiple or solid 
vertical stripe down leg or arm only not to exceed 2" in width; no 
logos; no zippers; no cargo style pockets 
4. Miscellaneous Color Additional Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Shirts/sweaters  Solid colors inside and out Includes turtleneck, mock turtleneck, and polo styles; 
manufacturer's logo (e.g., fox, alligator, etc.), not to exceed 2" x 2" 
permitted 
b. Bathrobe   
c. Belts                Solid brown or black only Non-elastic; no braided, no metal or stone decorations, less than 
1½" wide, with buckle; non removable, no sliding lock style, no D’ 
ring style. (max. 1½"x1½"), length: size appropriate 
d. Bow ties Black permitted  Cloth only; clip-on style only 
e. Handkerchiefs  White only  
f. Neckties  Cloth only; clip-on style only 
g. Pajamas  No see through; no front opening bottoms 
h. Socks  
i. Thermal underwear 
 
j. Briefs, boxers 
 
k. T-Shirts 
Black permitted 
Solid colors only (except 
for the waistband) 
Solid colors only (except 
for the waistband) 
Solid colors inside and out 
No pockets 
 
 
 
 
Crew or V-neck only, manufacturer’s logo (e.g., fox, alligator, etc.), 
not to exceed 2” x 2” permitted, no tank tops or muscle shirts 
6.   Females Only Color        Additional Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Blouses  
 
 
 
No see-through, midriff or short-cut 
 
b. Shawls  
 
 
 
1-yard square max. size (incl. fringe) 
c. Stockings/ panty hose  Stocking or hose requiring garter belts are not allowed 
d. Bras  Solid colors only. Any incarcerated individual housed in a female classified facility or 
housing unit or by medical permit (required in a male classified 
facility or housing unit), no metal underwire, no padding 
e. Underwear  Solid color only (except 
for the waistband). 
Any incarcerated individual housed in a female classified facility or 
housing unit or by medical permit (required in a male classified 
facility or housing unit), no thong style, crotchless, front opening or 
see-through or lace

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 19 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
F. EDUCATIONAL SUPPLIES  
1. Office Materials 
a. Mini calculator Basic functions only (i.e., addition, subtraction, division, multiplication, percentages), no scientific 
functions, hand-held only; $50 max. value 
b. Carbon paper  
c. Clipboard 9" x 15" max.; no metal components 
d. Composition/ 
Notebooks 
No metal components 
e. Dictionaries Non-electronic 
f. Drafting pens No sharp points; no internal or refillable ink reservoirs 
g. Erasers  
h. File folders No metal components 
i. Masking tape 1" maximum width 
j. Paper Writing or drawing; no envelopes, no copy or typing paper 
k. Pens Ball point (non-retractable-style) gel type or felt tip only - no fluorescent type or metal tips 
l. Pencils Standard wooden type only 
m. Pencil sharpener Manual (hand-held); non-removable blade 
n. Rulers 12" maximum; non-metal 
o. Transparent tape 1" maximum width 
2. Audio Equipment General Restrictions and Conditions:  Except as indicated, may only be received directly from 
manufacturer or established dealer.  See Directive #4920 for specifics.  Not to be altered in any 
way to meet specifications (except that an external antenna must be removed by the 
manufacturer or vendor).  No detachable components.  An incarcerated individual may possess 
and use only 1 audio unit (excluding TV). 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions   
a. Cassette Tapes Commercially made and sealed in cellophane or similar material, no screws, received directly 
from a distributor, retailer, or manufacturer only.  Subject to Media Review.  Religious tapes may 
be received from a bona fide religious organization.  These tapes must be in clear packaging and 
be reviewed by the chaplain's office or the Media Review 
b. Cassette type 
cleaner/ automatic 
demagnetizer 
 
c. Headphone Radio Local permit only; max. value - $150.00 
d. Headphones 
(earphones) 
Local permit only; max. value - $50.00, no metal bands 
e. Radio  Local permit only; max. value - $150.00; clear (see-through) case only; no larger than 8"x14" 
f. Radio/tape Player 
combination 
Local permit only; max. value - $150.00; clear (see-through) case only; no larger than 8"x14"; no 
microphone, talk switch or recording device                                    
g. Tape player  Local permit only; max. value - $150.00; clear (see-through) case only; no larger than 8"x14"; no 
microphone, talk switch or recording device 
 
  
A-7

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 20 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
3. Printed Materials General Restrictions and Conditions:  Paper only (no laminates).  All material subject to 
Directive #4572, "Media Review."  Newspapers may only be received from the publisher or an 
approved distributor via the correspondence unit. 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions   
a. Books, magazines, 
and periodicals 
New or used, may be delayed through the package room up to 6 days for close security 
inspection if received from other than publisher or approved distributor, no metal components, 
books hard or soft cover  
b. Calendar max. size 18"x14" when opened; no metal components 
c. Greeting cards/with 
matching envelopes 
max. size 18"x14" when opened; maximum of 50 per month; no electronic cards 
d. Posters  max. size 18"x14"; no metal components 
4. Typewriters/ 
Supplies 
General Restrictions and Conditions:  Typewriter - 1 only; max. value - $370 w/case (if case is 
purchased, it must be a hard case); the typewriter body must be made of clear, see-through 
material. 
Sources: Items listed below may only be received directly from an approved commercial source.  
New only. 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Portable Typewriter  Manual or electric; local permit only; no discs or permanent storage memory exceeding 7K, 
except for "correction memory" and internal spell-check and/or dictionary; no memory upgrade or 
internal or external ports usable for data transfer.  The Department assumes no liability for 
information loss due to searches, power surges, or outages, etc. 
b. Electric adapter or   
converter  
Local permit only 
 
c. Typewriter correction 
paper 
 
d. Correction ribbon Replacement only 
e. Typewriter print 
wheel 
1 only, on an exchange basis 
f. Typewriter ribbons Max. of 6 
5. Musical Instrument General Restrictions and Conditions:  local permit only; 1 only; max. value - $200 w/case; a 
non-electronic musical instrument, new or used, may be received from home - otherwise it may 
only be received directly from an approved commercial source.  An electronic musical instrument, 
if permitted, must be new, may only be purchased from and received directly from an approved 
commercial source, and may not have voice recording capability, digitally enhanced or re-
manufactured life like sounds (i.e., voices, ringing phone tones, animal sounds, etc.), a 
microphone, or any disc or other removable storage device. 
 
  
A-8

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 21 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
G.  MISCELLANEOUS 
1. Appliances General Restrictions and Conditions: 
For in-cell use only. 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions   
a. Beard trimmer  Local permit only; electric, cord or cordless or battery; no attachments, max. 1" blade 
b. Coffee pot  Local permit only; non-electric; 9 cup max. 
c. Curling iron  Females only; local permit only; U.L approved 
d. Hair dryer/blow dryer Local permit only; U.L approved 
e. Shaver/electric razor Local permit only; electric, cord or cordless or battery 
2.  General Specific Restrictions and Conditions   
a. Extension cord  9' max.; U.L approved; 1 only 
b. Magnifying glass  Plastic; no handle; 2" x 3" or 3" diam. max. 
c. Matches  Book only (max 20 books of 20) 
d. Needles  Sewing; 2" max. size 
e. Pins - safety  2" max. 
f. Rug Solid color only - no blue, black, orange, or gray; max. size 3'x5'; not braided; label must indicate 
"fire retardant"; 1 only (does not include prayer rug) 
g. Saddle soap Plastic container only 
h. Shoelaces  No leather 
i. Sponges  
j. Sunglasses w/case Std. size; non-reflector; max. value $25 per pair (2 pair only) 
k. Thread No blue, black, orange, or gray 
l. Tissues  Eyeglass and facial 
3.  Linens General Restrictions and Conditions:  
Colors: No blue, black, orange, gray, green, or white permitted.  Solid color only. 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions   
a. Sheets Twin size only; 2 sets only per incarcerated individual 
b. Blanket Twin size only; 1 only per incarcerated individual; label must indicate "fire retardant” or “fire 
resistant” 
c. Pillowcases Std. size; 2 only per incarcerated individual 
d. Towels Std. size bath towel (3' x 5' max.) 
e. Washcloths  
 
  A-9

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 22 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
 
4.  Jewelry, etc.  General Restrictions and Conditions.   
No stones; no protrusions 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions   
a. Wristwatch/  
Watchband 
         
Watch:  max size 1¾" x 1¾" (including stem), time, day, date, light, audible alarm (standard 
beep tone only) only permitted; no smart watch, no touch screen functionality, no stones, no 
protrusions, no large cavities, no hidden compartments, or voids. 1 only; watch with band; 
maximum value - $50. 
   Watchband; max size 1” wide, no stones, no protrusions. 
b. Watch battery  Subject to exchange on one-for-one basis 
c. Wedding band  Max. value - $150; verified married person only 
5.  Jewelry - Females Only Specific Restrictions and Conditions:   
Max. combined value of female-only items - $150.  No stones 
a. Bracelets  Wrist or ankle; limit 2; no charms  
b. Earrings  Pierced or clip; limit 3 pr.; no hoop or dangling, stud only 
c. Necklaces Limit 2; max. length 18" 
d. Rings  Other than wedding; limit 2; no protrusions 
 
  
A-10

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 23 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
H.  RECREATIONAL SUPPLIES  
General Restrictions 
- Dice are not permitted 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions   
a. Athletic Gloves  Baseball (mitt), handball; Bag gloves, no metal inserts; no boxing-type; no full fingered 
leather handball gloves, max. weight. 10 oz., max. value $50 
b. Checkerboards and 
checkers 
Folding cardboard board or vinyl; plastic or wood pieces; max. value $50                         
c. Chess sets  Folding cardboard board or vinyl; plastic or wood pieces; max. value $50 
d. Dominos  Plastic or wood pieces; max. value $50 
e. Handballs  In original sealed container only, remove contents, containers will not be issued to 
incarcerated individuals. 
f. Jigsaw puzzles In original sealed container only 
g. Playing cards In original sealed container only 
h. Tennis balls In original sealed container only, remove contents, containers will not be issued to 
incarcerated individuals. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  A-11

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 24 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
I.  ART & HOBBY SUPPLIES 
General Restrictions:  Art and handicraft supplies may only be received through a facility package room from a vendor.   Such 
materials will only be admitted under local permit and made available for the incarcerated individual’s use in their living 
quarters or other areas designated by the facility Superintendent. 
-No glass containers, except when approved materials cannot be obtained in plastic containers, then one ounce glass 
containers may be permitted when received directly from a vendor or manufacturer as packaged by them. 
-Oil based paints are not permitted 
-Alcohol based cleaning materials are not permitted 
-Leather-craft, woodworking, clock kits, and string are not permitted 
Drawing Specific Restrictions and Conditions  
a. Colored Pencils Limit 36 
b. Watercolor Pencils Limit 36 
c. Sketch Book Maximum size 11” x 14” (No wire binding) 
d. Plain Edge Drawing 
Board Wood, 23” x 31” (No metal clips) 
e. Crayons; wax and non- 
plastic Limit 64 (wax and non-plastic) 
f. Charcoal Pencils In pencil form, no blocks or sticks, limit 64 
g. Drawing Pads Glue or plastic binder only. Size limit 23” x 29”, Limit 2 pads  
h. Tracing and graph paper Not to exceed 23” x 29”. Limit 100 sheets 
i. Greeting Cards Limit 50 
j.  Magic Markers Non-toxic, water soluble, non-permanent, no fluorescent type Limit 12 
k.  White Glue 4 ounce maximum. Limit 2 in cell 
Painting Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Easel 18” maximum base, limit 1 (cardboard only) 
b. Plastic Palettes Maximum size 9” x 5”, limit 2 
c. Canvas board Square or oval not to exceed 24” x 30”, limit 8 
d. Painting Pad Glue or plastic binder, limit 2 pads 
e. Acrylic Paints Non-flammable, non-toxic and water soluble, limit 12-2-ounce tubes  
f. Paint Brushes Not wider than 1” limit 6 (plastic only) 
g. Watercolor Paints Non-toxic and water soluble, limit 12-2-ounce tubes 
Crochet, Knitting, Weaving Specific Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Plastic Crochet Hooks For crochet, knitting and weaving, size B-J, limit 6 total 
b. Yarn In skeins 8 ounces only limit of 12.  No blue, black, orange, or gray 
c. Plastic Canvas/Mesh Maximum size 10.5” x 13.5” sheets, clear only, limit 10 
d. Plastic Knitting Needles Maximum size 10”, limit 6 
e. Plastic yarn weaving 
Needles Maximum size 6”, limit 6 
 
A-12

NO. 4911, Packages & Articles Sent to Facilities  
 DATE  12/21/2023 PAGE 25 of 25 Attachment A, Cont. 
J.  RELIGIOUS ARTICLES  
General Restrictions and Conditions.   
- Purchase, receipt, or use of religious articles is subject to the provisions of Directive #4202, "Religious Programs and 
Practices" and the Religious Holy Day Calendar  
- No color restrictions apply unless specified.   
- Unless specific restrictions or conditions are specified, when multi-colored items are permitted, black, blue, gray, or orange 
must not be predominant. 
- Clothing items may not exceed $50 in value. 
- Questions on the identity or authenticity of a religious item shall be referred to the facility chaplain. 
 Specific Restrictions and Conditions.   
a. Fez A brimless, cone-shaped, flat-crowned hat that usually has a tassel and is usually made of red 
felt; male only 
b. Kufi A hemispheric head cap that can be made of cloth, knitted, or crocheted; may have a peak on 
top; must fit close to the head; no protrusions (visor, tassels, etc.); male only; solid blue, gray, 
or orange not permitted; multi-colored Kufi allowed, blue, gray, and orange must not be 
predominant 
c. Yarmulke A close-fitting skull cap that can be made of cloth, knitted, or crocheted; solid blue, gray, or 
orange not permitted; multi-colored Yarmulke allowed, blue, gray, and orange must not be 
predominant 
d. Tsalot-kob A hemispheric head cap that can be made of cloth, knitted, or crocheted; may have a peak on 
top; may be multi-colored; approx. 12" at longest point; must fit close to the head; male only 
e. Keski/Dastaar A cloth turban head cover; may possess two cloth outer turbans no larger than 66”x36”; and 
may possess up to three cloths under turbans no larger than 66”x66”; solid black, blue, gray, or 
orange not permitted; may be multi-colored 
f. Khimar A cloth head cover; female only; 4' x 4' max.; solid black, blue, gray, or orange not permitted; 
may be multi-colored 
g. Talit Katan Fringed underwear 
h. Tefillin Phylacteries (small square leather prayer boxes with long leather ties) 
i. Talit (prayer shawl)       Max. size - 72” x 72”; solid black, blue, gray, or orange not permitted; may be multi-colored 
j. Ghutra (headdress) 1 yard square; solid black, blue, gray, or orange not permitted; may be multi-colored 
k. Prayer robe Solid black, blue, gray, or orange not permitted; may be multi-colored 
l. Prayer beads Rosary; Dhikr; Mala; black only: other beads - see the Religious Holy Day Calendar 
m. Prayer rug One only; may be possessed in addition to rug permitted under miscellaneous; 3'x5' max.; solid 
black, blue, gray, or orange not permitted; may be multi-colored 
n. Religious books (Bible, 
Koran, etc.) 
Subject to the restrictions on printed materials covered in Section F-3, above 
o. Religious pendant 
w/chain or fabric cord 
attached 
Max. value - $50.00; no stones; max. 2" diameter, e.g., medal, crucifix, cross, pentacles, Thor's 
hammers, Stars of David, chains, crescent with stars and/or moons, scapular. 
p. Tsalot Shasa A cloth scarf-type head covering; female only 2’x5’ maximum; solid black, blue, gray, or orange 
is not permitted; limit 2 
Native American Items General Restrictions and Conditions 
a. Native American 
Rosette and cord 
Beaded pendant; attached to a leather or fabric cord 
b. Native American 
personal smoking pipe 
Not to exceed six inches in length 
c. Native American 
ashtray or shell 
For smudging; less than 3" in diameter 
d. Native American 
medicine bag 
May include sacred herbs and items needed for Native American ceremonies under the 
procedures set forth in Directive #4202 
 A-13