County Jail | LaSalle County, IL Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff’s Office County Jail County Jail The LaSalle County Jail is located at 707 E Etna Road, in Ottawa, Illinois. It is predominately a medium-security facility, however, it does house minimum and maximum security inmates as well. It has a capacity of 305 beds. LaSalle County IL Jail is a county jail used by the jurisdictions of LaSalle county to confine inmates for short periods while awaiting trial or processing. The LaSalle County Jail complies with the State of Illinois Jail Standards and follows the standards set forth by the American Correctional Association. For incarcerated folks with substance use disorder, recovery doesn't start after release - for some, the turning point begins behind bars. At LaSalle County Jail, Medication-Assisted Recovery (MAR) is transforming how substance use is addressed. What was once a system of painful detox and isolation has transformed into one of collaboration, support, and hope. MAR is a comprehensive, evidence-based approach to treating opioid or alcohol use disorders that combines FDA-approved medications such as buprenorphine, methadone, and Vivitrol with counseling and behavioral therapies. A team of medical providers, recovery specialists, correction officers, and others with lived experience work directly with participants to provide options- medication, relationships, and care built around the individuals needs that goes beyond incarceration. By taking a whole-person approach and providing constant support, the MAR program can help individuals recover from a substance use disorder in a less painful way while working to rebuild their lives, communities, and self-worth. This video highlights some of the staff and participants of LaSalle's MAR program who describe MAR as their turning point. Please watch and share: https://youtube.com/watch?v=ORBFzlt99zk If you need information on bonds, visitation, inmate calling, mail, inmate accounts, commissary, or anything else, call the facility at 815-434-8383, fax at 815-431-4962, or email the Jail . Inmate Mail Information Inmate Name LaSalle County Jail 707 E Etna Road Ottawa, IL 61350 To maintain security and safety for the inmates and staff, all regular postal mail (letters, greeting cards, etc.) will be scanned into the system and sent to the inmate to view on inmate kiosks. After electronic processing, all inmate mail will be destroyed and will not be available. This process will be implemented during the week of January 25, 2021. Inmates may receive written/typed letters, greeting cards (no musical cards or cards that have things glued/taped to them), and pictures. No more than 10 pictures will be accepted in the mail at one time. Pictures depicting alcohol, drugs, gang affiliation, graffiti, hand signs or signals, weapons (real or toy), nudity, lewd, or sexual content will not be allowed. Letters and greeting cards may not contain adhesives, any foreign substances, glitter, perfume, or lipstick. Newspaper and periodical subscriptions may be mailed to the inmate from the publisher. These will be limited to 1 daily, 1 weekly, and 1 monthly subscription. They cannot be sexual in nature/content, contain nude photos, pictures of drugs/drug use, contain gang references, or be stapled. Book Donations / Religious Books Please note: Beginning July 1, 2021, we will no longer accept any books mailed in as donations. Inmates are allowed to keep as their own, a Bible, Koran, or other religious book, and Narcotics Anonymous (NA) or Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) books. Money Deposits for Inmate Accounts Money may be deposited online or in the jail lobby via kiosk, which accepts cash or credit/debit cards. We do not accept checks of any type, and do not accept any money, in any form, through the mail, it will be returned to the sender. Inmate Phone Calls Inmate phone calls are $0.21 a minute plus applicable fees/taxes. You may deposit funds for phone calls in the blue kiosk in jail lobby, at the Inmate Sales website or by calling 877-998-5678. Inmates may also use funds from their commissary account to purchase phone time (debit time). Video Visitation Video visitation, messaging, and chirping in the jail are now available through Inmate Sales . **Attachments are not allowed via email** Remote visits $0.20 per minute, emails are $0.50 each and chirps are $.10 each. To schedule a video visit you will need a computer or internet-enabled mobile device with a speaker, camera, and high-speed internet. Set Up Account / Schedule Visit Step 1: Go to the Inmate Sales website Step 2: Create or login to your Inmate Sales account Step 3: Select "New Purchase $" Step 4: Choose our facility and a product (remote or onsite visit) Step 5: Enter personal information Step 6: Purchase minutes (for remote visits) Step 7: Schedule Visit Step 8: To visit with a mobile device, download the app, login, and visit Applications Apple Mobile Devices (iPhone and iPad): Please use the Inmate Sales App in the App store Windows and Mac Computers: Please use Chrome Browser Android Mobile Devices: Please use Chrome Browser Customer Service Customer Service for Friends/Family: 866-340-7879 Visitation View the Jail visitation rules . While we are on COVID lock-down inmates are only allowed 1 visit per day during their scheduled hour out. Visiting is all done through video and is available daily from 9 am to 8 pm, each visit is limited to 30 minutes. In facility visits must be scheduled at least the day before, a valid government issued ID is required for in facility visits. You can schedule visits online by clicking video call. All visits must be scheduled 24 hours in advance. Visits may be done using any internet capable device with a camera and microphone for $0.20 per minute Everyone is allowed two in facility visits per week, there is no limit on the number of visits from home. If you do not have access to the internet to schedule a visit you may use the computer in the jail lobby to access the Inmate Sales website . Important: All visitors to the LaSalle County Jail must present photo identification with a date of birth to be authorized to visit. The only exception to this rule are minors accompanied by an adult. No one under the age of 18 will be permitted visitation rights unless accompanied by an adult. Contact Us Jackie Underhill Jail Superintendent Email Jackie Underhill Mark Larson Assistant Superintendent Email Mark Larson LaSalle County Jail Email the County Jail Physical Address View Map 707 E Etna Road Ottawa , IL 61350 707 E Etna Road Ottawa IL 61350 Directions Phone: 815-434-8383 Fax: 815-431-4962 Directory Online Court Records Open Bids View All /QuickLinks.aspx Notify Me® Employment Forms Etna Road Complex 707 E Etna Road Ottawa, IL 61350 Complex Hours Monday through Friday 8 am to 4:30 pm Respiratory Virus Guidance Start Planning Your Trip Elections/Voting LaSalle County FOIA Department Listing Election Results Archive /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow