Acceptable items for U.S. Mail delivery to include: letters in white envelopes and US Postal money orders (in US funds), photographs,
newspaper clippings, written documents forwarded for signature and legal mail between attorney and inmate.  All other items are considered 
contraband and will result in the envelope, and it contents, being returned to sender or investigated for criminal violation. 
Incoming mail is distributed within 24 hours of receiving, excluding weekends and holidays.  Deputies will distribute mail directly to the person 
addressed.  Inmates are limited to no more than 20 pieces of mail in their cell at any time.  Incoming mail is opened and inspected for money and 
contraband.  All U.S. funds will be deposited to the inmate’s trust fund account less any money is owed.  Magazines must come directly from the 
publisher.  Books must come from the publisher, Amazon.com or BarnesandNoble.com. 
Mail containing any of the following may be returned to sender: 
Address labels / stickers  *a return address label on the envelope may be copied and given to the 
inmate 
Blank cards / blank postcards 
Cardboard, confetti, laminated items, metal clasps, plastic 
Personal checks, non United States Postal Service money order, cashier’s checks 
Commissary items (envelopes, paper, stamps, stamped items) 
Coupons / gambling items 
Excessive coloring, puzzle pages, magazine / newspaper articles (limit 10 per envelope) 
Books and magazines not shipped directly from the publisher or Internet bookseller as stated 
below. 
Food items 
Letters written with Gel pens, metallic ink 
Glitter, glued items 
Inmate to inmate correspondence 
Lipstick or cosmetics 
Perfume, cologne or scented items 
Polaroid pictures with backings 
Racist or other inflammatory materials, including gang symbols and hand gestures 
Sexually explicit materials, nude/seminude photos, including babies and children 
Stickers, string, ribbon, white out 
Tobacco or tobacco products 
Unknown substances on envelope, paper, photos 
Greeting type Card  (As of 12/10/12) 
Any non-white envelope (As of 11/15/15)
Address all mail as shown here.