Home - Plymouth County Sheriff's Office Skip to content Plymouth County Sheriff’s Office Serve & Protect Inmate Roster Most Wanted Sex Offenders Press Releases Alerts Welcome to the plymouth county sheriff’s office "We believe in serving with honesty, integrity, commitment, teamwork, professionalism, accountability, and sense of community." On behalf of the Plymouth County Sheriff’s Office, I want to welcome you to our website. Plymouth County is located in the NW corner of Iowa, bordering our neighbor state South Dakota. We are the 4th largest county in square miles, 864, with a population of approximately 26,000. Plymouth County is also the northernmost start for the beautiful Loess Hills Byway. Cities located in Plymouth County include the county seat LeMars, the ICE CREAM CAPITAL OF THE WORLD, Akron, Brunsville, Craig, Hinton, Kingsley, Merrill, Oyens, Remsen, Westfield and a small portion of Sioux City. Hopefully, you will find this website user-friendly and provide you with answers to questions you may have. Latest News & Press Releases Jurgensen 10-50 PD June 25, 2026 On June 23, 2026 at approximately 7:43 AM, the Plymouth County Sheriff’s Office received a 911 call regarding a single vehicle rollover that had hit a utility pole near the intersection of Highway 3 and K22. Upon arrival a 2013 Ford Explorer was found sitting upright in the north ditch of Highway 3. It was Read More » READ MORE > about Jurgensen 10-50 PD Foggs Jr. arrested for OWI/PCS and DWLB June 22, 2026 On June 20, 2026 at 11:30 pm., the Plymouth County Sheriff’s Office arrested James Edwards Foggs Jr, age 33, of Ireton, Iowa. The arrest stemmed from a traffic stop due to Foggs Jr’s vehicle having several equipment violations. During the stop Foggs Jr. was found to be under the influence and in possession of a Read More » READ MORE > about Foggs Jr. arrested for OWI/PCS and DWLB Torticill arrested for DWLR June 22, 2026 On 06/19/2026 the Plymouth County Sheriff’s Office conducted a traffic stop on a motor vehicle at Caseys in Akron, Iowa. The driver of the vehicle was identified as Travis Torticill, age 19 of Onawa, Iowa. Torticill showed to have a revoked Iowa driver’s license. Torticill was then placed under arrest and transported to the Plymouth Read More » READ MORE > about Torticill arrested for DWLR See News Archive Get Alerts Get emails for Press Releases, Sex offender Updates, Inmate rosters, & More Please leave this field empty Get notified of what's new Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Sign Up > A message from Sheriff Jeff TeBrink The mission of the Plymouth County Sheriff’s Office is to work cooperatively with the public in protecting and enhancing the quality of life in Plymouth County and in doing so, we are dedicated to providing the highest professional and ethical level of law enforcement and corrections service. Accessibility Tools hide X Accessibility (CTRL+M) X The accessibility of our website is taken very seriously. We strive to meet WCAG 2.1 AA Web Accessibility standards by routinely evaluating our website using automated evaluation tools and manual testing when required. As content changes we review and correct issues and are responsive to our users needs. If you encounter issues with our website, please report them so they may be corrected in a timely manner. Return to top of page Our Commitment X Hot Key: CTRL-Q