Sheriff’s Office | Chisago County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Labor Negotiations Update on Labor Negotiations 06/08/2026 Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Sheriff’s Office Sheriff’s Office Law Enforcement Services The Sheriff's Office provides a full range of law enforcement services for the citizens of Chisago County and provides contracted police services to the cities of Center City, Harris, Rush City, Shafer, Stacy and Taylors Falls. There are three independent police departments within Chisago County: Lakes Area Police Department (Chisago City and Lindstrom), North Branch Police Department and Wyoming Police Department. National Association Of Counties (Naco) On Interop Communication Post 9/11 the world of public safety communications is changing. The old system of local communications systems, which limits the ability of Police, Fire, Rescue and EMS to communicate during times of disaster and crisis is being replaced. This pamphlet (PDF) will provide you with information on Interoperable Communications. CodeRED by Crisis24 is a cloud-based software solution that has been trusted by government agencies since 1988 to provide real-time information that helps save lives in the community. This program is paid for by Chisago County and is free for Chisago County residents to use. It is an emergency notification system that enables public safety agencies to send fast, targeted, and reliable alerts to their communities, when it matters most. Reach millions instantly via voice, SMS, email, mobile app, IPAWS, and more. Whether alerting a neighborhood about a missing child, evacuations, boil water notices, or issuing a severe weather warning, CodeRED by Crisis24 helps you act quickly when every second counts. Sign Up for Alerts with CodeRED by Crisis24 Receive alerts directly on your mobile device through the CodeRED app by Crisis24-whether at home, on the road, or traveling nationwide. Free download Customized user experience Detailed alerts Extended reach for agencies CHISAGO COUNTY CRIME MAP Chisago County Crime Map Chisago County Crime Map is a public resource of general crime information. Sites linked from the Chisago County Sheriff's Office website are not under the control of Chisago County. The County of Chisago does not make any warranty, representation, or guarantee as to the content, sequence, accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of any of the database information provided herein for any reason. All aspects of the data provided herein are susceptible to a degree of error due to the complexities of the process involved in compiling and programming the data. The user agrees to hold Chisago County harmless against any claims that may arise from the use of misuse of the information provided through this site. Chisago County Sheriff's Office Policy Manual (PDF) Citizen Complaint Form to Sheriff's Office Emergency Road Atlas (ERA) - 2024 (PDF) Employee Compliment Form to Sheriff's Office Permit to Carry a Pistol (PDF) Permit to Purchase / Transfer a Firearm (PDF) Water Event / Structure Permit (PDF) View All /QuickLinks.aspx Automated License Plate Readers (ALPR) - Policy 424 (PDF) Automated License Plate Readers (ALPR) - Transparency Portal for AXON Automated License Plate Readers (ALPR) - Transparency Portal for Flock Safety Body Worn Cameras - Policy 433 (PDF) City of North Branch City of Wyoming General Speed Limit info Jail Inmate Search (Inmate Locator) Lakes Area Police Dept Level III Sex Offenders Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension Minnesota State Statutes Seasonal Load Limit information Social Media Guidelines Traffic and Road Conditions US Department of Homeland Security Victim Information Notification Everyday (VINE) - Minnesota View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Social Media Social Media Guidelines Brandon Thyen Sheriff Email Brandon Thyen Phone: 651-213-6300 Justin Wood Chief Deputy Email Justin Wood Phone: 651-213-6302 Sheriff's Office 15230 Per Road Center City, MN 55012 Directions to Public Safety Center Administration Phone: 651-213-6300 Fax: 651-213-6341 Emergency Communications Center Phone: 651-257-4100 Administration Office Hours Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (except holidays) Staff Directory Who is the County Sheriff? Who is the Chief Deputy? How do I pay court fines? How do I get a permit to carry? Can I pay any Sheriff's Items with a credit card, debit card or electronic check? When paying Sheriff's Items online, can I make a partial payment? Can I pay Sheriff's Items over the phone? View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx Stay Informed Employment GIS Mapping Home Employee Login Privacy Policy Website Accessibility Site Map Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Birth Certificate Cities COURTS (10th Judicial District) Schools Social Media Accounts Townships /QuickLinks.aspx 313 N Main Street Center City, MN 55012 Phone: 651-257-1300 Toll-Free: 888-213-0237 Fax: 651-213-8876 Directions to Chisago County Offices Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow