Contacting an Inmate | Parker County Sheriff's Office Skip to content Follow: RSS Twitter Parker County Sheriff's Office Official Website for the Parker County Sheriff's Office Home PCSO Media Download About the Parker County Sheriff’s Office Sheriff Larry Fowler – 2005-2021 Sheriff Russ Authier – Current Sheriff S.O. Employees General Operations Manual Sheriff’s Office Forms Sheriff’s Office Guidelines Job Descriptions Amber Alert Doccuments Contact Us Crime Prevention Crime Stoppers Divisions Administration Animal Control Civil Communications Court Security Criminal Investigations Extraditions Jail Jail Visitation Inmate Commissary Contacting an Inmate Medical and Mental Health Patrol Reserves School Resource Deputies Special Crimes Unit SWAT Training Training Schedule General Information Employment Forms Identity Theft Jail Search Links Open Records Requests Police Reports Parker County Adult Sexual Assault Protocol Stay Informed Blackboard Connect Burn Ban County Orders Road Hazard Sex Offender Information Weather Alerts Disclaimer Media Press Releases Contacting an Inmate By Mail: You can mail correspondence to an inmate at the following address: Inmate’s Name/Inmate ID C/O Parker County Jail PO Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72403 All incoming and outgoing inmate mail is screened. No drugs, tobacco, money, or sexually explicit material is allowed in the jail and will be destroyed upon receipt. Do not send stamps, paper, or envelopes to an inmate, as the inmate has access to those resources through the jail commissary. We no longer allow any items mailed to an inmate. Everything an inmate requires are available through our commissary program or through the new tablet system. By Phone: The Inmate phone system changed in August of 2022 and is now serviced by: Correct Solutions Group Inmate’s can contact you by phone utilizing our inmate phone system. You can set up an account here . If you have questions about the inmate phone system you can check here or contact the Parker County Jail staff. You can also leave a voicemail for an inmate using the same system. In Person: See Visitation guidelines here. Any other questions? Please contact our jail staff at 817-594-4208. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Share on X (Opens in new window) X Like Loading... 75 Comments Aileen Stanphill permalink Can an inmate receive typewritten letters? I was told that everything had to be handwritten, but I feel that I need to ask. PCSO permalink Yes, typewritten letters are acceptable. Shaun permalink is a inmate named “Francisco Do U______ge” in this jail? PCSO permalink You can check our website at http://parkercountytx.com/ Paul Halse permalink Can e-mail be used to request inmate contact or to leave a message for the inmate to call? PCSO permalink You can contact our Inmate Phone vendor and leave a voice mail for the inmate you wish to contact. http://www.icsolutions.com/ Donna M. Kelly permalink How can I get money to a inmate when I live in another state? PCSO permalink Inmate Commissary Ron permalink When someone transfers in, will mail en route be forwarded there from the previous facility, or returned to sender? PCSO permalink It will be returned. Jessica Huitt permalink Can the socks be white with grey toes? PCSO permalink Yes Martinez ale permalink My friend husband is there can she visit him with a consular id or it needs to be a u.s id PCSO permalink Any valid ID will work Shelly permalink If funds have been deposited t his account to make phone calls or general account for mommissary how is he to know that information if its not given to the inmate? Inmate if not aware of a pin number they are assigned to check what is actually is available for them. Options inmates have are listed on website. PCSO permalink When the inmate picks up the phone and enters their PIN there is a message waiting on them. If you do not want to rely on that system, you could always call our jail staff and they will get the message to them. Aileen Stanphill permalink Thank You Marie permalink do i need an id code of the inmates to put on the envelope so he can surely get it? PCSO permalink No, their first and last name is enough. Amanda permalink Does the underwear have to be white? PCSO permalink Yes. Christins permalink How many pics can be sent per stamped envelope? PCSO permalink As many as the United States Postal Service will allow. Amanda permalink Can an inmate receive cards made from construction paper? My kids made them for their dad. PCSO permalink An inmate can receive a card made from construction paper, but he/she will not be able to retain it in their area. The card will be presented to him/her and he/she will be allowed to look at it. It will then be collected and placed into his/her property. Michelle Rodriguez permalink I bought some white tennis shoes (no laces) for an inmate through online Payless website since I’m not allowed to physically send those things, but he has not received it. How can I contact the Facility’s mail and packaging office? PCSO permalink In order for the shoes to be accepted they must have velcro (no shoelaces) fasteners. If you have any questions call (682) 229-2346 Michelle Rodriguez permalink Hi! I was told that in order for my dad to receive a package of shoes I sent he is supposed to write a request for them to the captain. I was wondering of how this process works? Thank you. PCSO permalink In order for the shoes to be accepted they must have velcro (no shoelaces) fasteners. If you have any questions call (682) 229-2346 Steph permalink Do yall list all inmates in yalls search? Cause we are having trouble finding one that we were told was there? PCSO permalink All inmates being held on local city, county, or state charges will be listed on the web site. Jovana Duran permalink How can I send inmate socks and boxers PCSO permalink White socks and white underwear can be sent to an inmate via the US mail by an online retailer. On our website under divisions, click on “Jail” and then click on “Contacting an inmate”. The mailing instructions are there. Mike Burns permalink I sent a letter to a friend in jail and the letter bounced back to me because I had included inkjet printed pictures in the letter. Above, on this web page, it says that pictures are allowed and nowhwere does it say that inkjet printed pictures are forbidden. PCSO permalink The website was updated today to include the policy about the ban on inkjet printed materials. If you have any other questions feel free to contact the jail staff at (817) 594-4208 emma permalink what kind of stamp are the letter supposed to have? PCSO permalink Any United States Postal Service stamp(s) of the proper amount will work. AEE permalink Can inmates receive Ciggarettes in the mail? PCSO permalink No. Tobacco is not allowed into the facility. Anne Bohan permalink Can ladies underwear have a small tag with the manufactures name on the outside of the waste band, or printed on the outside of the waist band? PCSO permalink Inmates can also receive up to 3 pairs of white socks, underwear, thermals top/bottom (not one piece) and t-shirts (no tank tops or pockets) by an online retailer through the mail Danna Robbins permalink What online store can we use to purchase items for an inmate? PCSO permalink Any online retailer will work Julie permalink Can an inmate receive mail from anyone or does it have to come only from people who are on an approved list? PCSO permalink visit the sheriff’s website: parkercountysheriff.net click on “Divisions”. Then click on “Jail’ and “Contacting an Inmate”. All the rules relating to what mail an inmate may receive is listed there. CKNGUYEN permalink Can I send an inmate boxers? Does the t-shirt and boxers have to be white also? PCSO permalink Yes. Boxers are allowed, however, the boxers and any other underwear must be white. The website was updated today to clarify that issue. Cynthia Russell permalink Are we allowed to send travel size hygienic items from an online vendor? Thank YOu PCSO permalink There are hundreds of hygiene products so, the answer to the question is Yes and No. Any type of item available through the commissary (shampoo, deodorant,..) will not be allowed into the jail. An individual will have to get approval from the jail before sending any other hygiene product that is not available through the commissary, Other items are prohibited. This list is more extensive and includes aerosols, petroleum based products, make-up, emery boards, metal objects (nail clippers, nail files, tweezers,..), etc. In addition, all feminine hygiene products are prohibited. Feminine hygiene products are provided to the inmates. Riley permalink I keep receiving calls and it says from an inmate. I do not know who it would be from? PCSO permalink This might be a telephone scam. If you do not know who the inmate is just hang the telephone up. DO NOT press or enter any numbers, if prompted. For example, you may be requested to enter an asterisk ” * ” followed by two digits. DO NOT do this. Again, just hang the telephone up. Natalie permalink Is there a limit to how many pages of paper we can send to the inmate? As in written/typed letters to the inmate. PCSO permalink No. Natalie permalink Amending my previous question. Is there a limit of how many pages I can send at one time? PCSO permalink There is not a limit Kaytlin permalink Would a school ID surfice or does it have to be government issued to visit an inmate? PCSO permalink If you are 17, or under, a valid school ID will be sufficient, but you must be accompanied by an adult. If you are 18, or older, you must have a valid government (US or state) issued ID or drivers license. Debra Turner permalink If the paperback book you want to send only comes with a dvd/cd attached, can you (at the jail) take that part out and just give the inmate the book part? PCSO permalink Yes. After the book arrives at our facility the dvd/cd will be removed and placed in the inmate’s property. The book will then be delivered to the inmate. Janet Shelley permalink In order to obtain POA (Power of Attorney) over an inmate, can I take forms up to the jail to be signed or do I need to send (mail) them in? PCSO permalink Yes. Bring the forms with you to the jail and let the Visitation Officer know they need to be filled out and notarized. Amy permalink Can items be purchased from Walmart.com, Amazon.com any online retailer? and what if 3 pkg of items are not sent but qty increased because of packaging. …does the additional items get saved for later, discarded, or given away? PCSO permalink Items may be purchased from any online retailer. If the number of items, due to packaging, exceeds the allowable limit then the excess item(s) will be placed into the property of the inmate. SFW permalink Can inmates receive e-readers shipped directly from Amazon or retailer? PCSO permalink No. Electronic devices are not permitted. Allen permalink Do I need an inmates number to mail them letters? PCSO permalink You can mail correspondence to an inmate at the following address: Inmate’s Name C/O Parker County Jail 612 Jameson St. Weatherford, TX 76086 Gigi Popperwill permalink Can I send my husband hallmark cards in the mail? I see that someone asked if they could send hand made cards and y’all said that you would show them and then take it to their property. Is it the same with store bought cards? PCSO permalink Same rules apply to store bought cards. Lee permalink What number will I receive when an inmate contacts me? PCSO permalink The number that is displayed is 682-582-8250. If you try call the number back it will be routed to a customer service number showing they are the provider for Parker County Sheriff’s Office and then will give menu options to create an account, add money to inmate phone accounts, etc. Junior permalink Do inmates have a certain time they are allowed to use the phone or can they use it any time during the day? PCSO permalink Phones can be used throughout the day. Chelsie permalink What kind of shoes can I send a inmate? PCSO permalink All shoes that are sent to an inmate from an online provider must be all white in color, must be slip on or Velcro (no shoe strings), no logos, or removable metal pieces. Comments are closed. Find us on Facebook! Find us on Facebook! Hours & Info 129 Hogle St Weatherford, Texas 76086 817-594-8845 We are a 24 hour office. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address: Follow Join 308 other subscribers Blog at WordPress.com. Subscribe Subscribed Parker County Sheriff's Office Join 308 other subscribers Sign me up Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. Parker County Sheriff's Office Subscribe Subscribed Sign up Log in Copy shortlink Report this content View post in Reader Manage subscriptions Collapse this bar %d