Inmate Mail Departments & Services Business I Want To... Residents Open the Residents page Aquatic Center Birth & Death Certificates Make a Payment Elections Report an Issue Leisure Services Comprehensive Transportation Plan Spalding County Comp Plan Licenses Get Connected Governments Open the Governments page Board of Commissioners Agendas Minutes Meeting Archives - (Pre 2022) After Agenda County Ordinances Courts Elected Officials Elections/Voter Registration Fiscal 2026 Budget Open Records/Public Information Request Water Authority Open Records Request T-SPLOST Progress Tax Commissioner Tax Assesor Annual Reports Deparments & Services Open the Departments & Services page Animal Care & Control Courts Community Development Code Enforcement Correctional Institute Inmate Mail Inmate Visitation Sending Money Sending Packages Coroner Elections/Voter Registration Emergency 911 Communications Finance Fire Department Human Resources Leisure Services Park Rental Info Parks Public Works Solid Waste Sheriff's Office Senior Services Tax Assesor Tax Commissioner Water Authority Business Open the Business page Business License Planning & Zoning Code Enforcement Alcohol Licensing Building Permits Bid Opportunities I Want To... Open the I Want To... page Apply For Pay Online Find STAY Informed Sign-up for alerts with Civic Ready Animal Care & Control Code Enforcement Community Development Coroner Correctional Institution Courts Elections/ Voter Registration Emergency 911 Communications Finance Fire Department Human Resources Leisure Services Parks Public Services Senior Services Sheriff's Office Tax Assessor Tax Commissioner Water Authority inmate Mail Important Information Concerning Inmate Mail Family members of SCCI inmates may send cards, letter and photographs to the inmates. All personal mail to inmates must contain the inmate’s name and GDC number and be sent to the following address: Spalding County Correctional Institution P.O. Box 9104 Seminole, FL 33775-9104 The cards, letter and photographs will be scanned into the system and sent to the inmate tablets. The scanned documents will be stored electronically, and the original documents shredded. Legal mail, financial documents, Significant Other Forms, court paperwork, packages and publications (when property approved) will be mailed to the following address and will include the inmate’s name and GDC number: Spalding County Correctional Institution 295 Justice Blvd. Griffin, GA 30224 When inmates are released they can log into the Smart Jail Mail public website, enter their name and password, and download their photos, messages and postal mail for free. The website is: https://www.smartjailmail.com/ It is recommended that family members register at https://www.MailGuardTracker.com to be notified when their mail is received, reviewed by staff members and viewed by the inmate. Family members can be notified if their mail is rejected and the reason why the mail was rejected. VISITATION SEND MONEY SEND A PACKAGE SEND MAIL Contact Us Spalding County Administrative Offices 119 E. Solomon Street Griffin, Georgia 30223 Mailing Address: P.O. Box 1087 Griffin, Georgia 30224 Phone: (770) 467 - 4280 Fax: (770) 467 - 4227 Quick Links Privacy Policy Employee Info Employee Login Careers Search © 2024 Spalding County Georgia Government. E-Verify ID #123541. All rights reserved + Exiting our Website You are leaving our website. We cannot be held responsible for the content of external websites. Continue Cancel