Sheriff – Little River County Sheriff Departments Sheriff Bobby Walraven COUNTY SHERIFF Little River County PHONE: (870) 898-5115 FAX: (870) 898-7260 EMAIL: bwalraven@lrcounty.com DEPARTMENT HOURS Monday - Friday 8:00am - 4:30pm ADDRESS 2115 N. Constitution Avenue, Ashdown, Arkansas 71822 The County Sheriff is the sheriff of the courts, maintains public peace, and has custody of the County Jail. As Chief Enforcement Officer of the Circuit Courts, the Sheriff’s Office, which includes the Sheriff and deputies, is charged by constitutional and statutory laws with the execution of summons, enforcement of judgments, orders, injunctions, garnishments, attachments, and the making of arrests on warrants issued by the courts. The Sheriff also opens and attends each term of Circuit Court, notifies residents selected to jury duty and assists in handling witnesses and prisoners during a given court term. The Sheriff, or a member of that staff, often prepares and assembles evidence of the Prosecuting Attorney’s case against defendants charged with both felonies and misdemeanors. The Sheriff also transports convicted prisoners and others declared by the court to the various penal and mental institutions of the state. The county sheriff in each county in this state shall have custody, rule, and charge of the county jail within his or her county and all prisoners committed in his or her county (ACA 12-41-502). The sheriff shall be conservator of the peace in his county (ACA 14-15-501). It shall be the duty of each sheriff to quell and suppress all assaults and batteries, affrays, insurrections, and unlawful assemblies; and he shall apprehend and commit to jail all felons and other offenders (ACA 14-14-1301). The sheriff also works with the various local municipal law enforcement officials or other state and federal officials charged with law enforcement. DEPARTMENTS County Judge Quorum Court Road & Bridge Sanitation Treasurer Veterans Services Coroner County Clerk District Court Circuit Clerk Collector Assessor Sheriff OEM/911 Economic Development About Us Chamber of Commerce Libraries Prosecuting Attorney Other County Resources BY LITTLE RIVER COUNTY ARKANSAS, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | WEB SERVICES PROVIDED BY ARKANSASADMIN a division of MASS ENTHUSIASM Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility