Hardeman County Sheriff's Office – Making Hardeman County a Safer Place to Live, Work, and Visit Skip to content (731) 658-3971 505 South Main Street, Bolivar, TN 38008 In accordance with Tennessee Code Annotated 39-17-1317, the Hardeman County Sheriff’s Office is accepting sealed bids for the purchase of confiscated firearms. Interested parties are required to possess a Federal Firearms License. A detailed list of firearms can be obtained at the Hardeman County Mayor’s Office or by clicking here . The deadline for acceptance of sealed bids is July 27, 2026 at 12:00 noon. Sealed bids must be submitted to the Hardeman County Mayor’s Office located at 100 N. Main St., Bolivar, TN 38008 by the aforementioned deadline. Firearms to be auctioned can be viewed by appointment at the Hardeman County Sheriff’s Office located at 505 S. Main St., Suite B, Bolivar, TN 38008, Monday through Friday, 8:30 AM – 3:30 PM. Contact Lt. Mike Kennamore at (731) 228-3006 or Chief Billy Davis at (731) 228-3002 to schedule an appointment. The Hardeman County Sheriff’s Office reserves the right to refuse any and all bids. Due to the recent storms and damages that Hardeman County residents received, we want everyone to be aware of contractor fraud. Be wary when contractors: Claim to be approved by FEMA or other agencies Come from out-of-state, especially after a catastrophe Require upfront payment to schedule work Offer unsolicited services Pressure to quickly sign electronic documents Pictured left to right: Chief Deputy Billy Davis, Jail Administrator Leonard Brown, Lt. Trina Smith, Judge Harriet Thompson, Sheriff John Doolen, Lt. Brian Vandiver, Lt. Mike Kennamore On April 1, 2024, Hardeman County swore in a new General Sessions Judge, Harriet Thompson. Judge Thompson is Hardeman County’s first female General Sessions Judge. Judge Boyette Denton retired before finishing his term and the County Commission appointed Ms. Thompson to serve as the General Sessions Judge until the August election, when the voters will elect a candidate to fill the remainder of Judge Denton’s term. Due to COVID-19, local visitation has been suspended beginning Wednesday March 18 until further notice, in order to protect your family and friends. Remote visitation is still available via the internet. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. Effective immediately, any persons entering the Criminal Justice Complex shall adhere to Rule 4 of the Local Rules of Practice, General Sessions Court, Civil and Criminal, of Hardeman County, TN. Rule 4 (B) All participants, witnesses, visitors, and spectators shall conform to strict standards of decency, dignity, etiquette, and propriety. Rule 4 (C) Provides for all to be DRESSED APPROPRIATELY. The following attire is considered INAPPROPRIATE: Shorts Halter Tops Bare midriffs (cut off shirts) See through attire Muscle shirts Tank tops Clothing with obscenities NO CLOTHING SHALL BE ALLOWED THAT EXPOSES UNDERGARMENTS OR ANY INTIMATE BODY PART. Persons not adhering to this rule will be denied entrance. Thank you for your cooperation. A press conference was held today at the Criminal Justice Center in Hardeman County. The U.S. Attorney of the Western District of the State of Tennessee Michael Dunavant, along with Special Agent in Charge of the FBI-Memphis Division M. A. Myers, 25th Judicial District Attorney General Mark Davidson, Special Agent in Charge TBI-West Tennessee John Simmons,, Sheriff John Doolen, along with others renew their commitment to solving the 21 year old murder of Michael Bell. There is still a $24,000 reward for any information leading to the arrest of the subject responsible. U.S. Attorney Dunavant announced new technology used by the FBI has allowed investigators to move closer to solving this case. The Hardeman County Sheriff’s Office is now conducting training for local churches. Captain Brian Vandiver put together a training program which includes active shooter training, along with other safety issues that churches may face. We encourage churches to be proactive and begin preparing for such events instead of being reactive. If you would like more information or to schedule training for your church, please contact Captain Brian Vandiver at (731) 228-3004 or bvandiver@hardemancountysheriff.org. Crossing all socioeconomic barriers, addiction does not just affect the poverty stricken, homeless, or street junkie. With the addition of opioids like Fentanyl and Carfentil, people are dying daily across the state of Tennessee. Fentanyl can be trasmitted by inhalation, ingestion, or even absorbed through the skin therefore, just touching the drug can kill someone. Opioids are substances that act on opioid receptors to produce morphine-like effects. Medically they are primarily used for pain relief, including anesthesia. In order to prepare for possible opioid overdoses in the future, the Hardeman County Sheriff’s department took part in training to be able to receive Narcan (generic name is Naloxone), which is an opioid antagonist for opioid overdoses. All patrol cars are now equipped with these kits in an effort to reduce opioid overdose deaths. The training was given on behalf of the State Targeted Response (STR) grant through the state of Tennessee. This state grant allows for Narcan to be placed in the hands of our law enforcement, not only for their protection, but for the protection for the public. If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction and needs help, please call 1-800-889-9789. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, FBI and the 25th District Attorney General Mike Dunavant announced the reward Thursday March 23, 2017 in the unsolved 1998 murder of Michael Bell, according to a TBI release. Bell was a clerk at the McKee’s Stateline Convenience Store at the time of his murder on July 23, 1998. The store is located on Highway 125 S between Middleton, TN, and Walnut, MS. An unknown individual shot and killed Bell, then left the store in a 1990s General Motors sedan and drove toward Walnut, MS. The robbery does not appear to have been the motive of the shooting, according to the release. They say Bell instead was the target of a coordinated murder. The FBI has joined in the investigation, and the partnership has resulted in new leads in the case, according to the release. Investigators believe there are people in the community who have information that can help solve the crime. The reward is for information that directly assists law enforcement in the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for Bell’s death. Anyone who has information is urged to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Michael Bell Pictured above (from L to R): Sheriff Doolen, Deputy Naylor, and Deputy Bryant On Thursday March 31, Sheriff John Doolen was honored at the National Guard Armory in Bolivar for his patriotic support. Sheriff Doolen was nominated for the Patriot award by Cody Naylor and Justin Bryant, both of whom are deputies with the Hardeman County Sheriff’s Office and also serve in the National Guard. The Patriot Award reflects the efforts made to support Citizen Warriors through a wide-range of measures including flexible schedules, time off prior to and after deployment, caring for families and granting leaves of absence if needed. “In God We Trust” was adopted as the official motto of the United States in 1956. “In God we trust” first appeared on U.S. coins in 1864 and has appeared on paper currency since 1957. In August 2015, Sheriff Doolen decided to add the motto to the Hardeman County Sheriff’s Office patrol cars. This logo came at no cost to the county thanks to Southern Designs of Bolivar who donated the decals. The motto is being placed on patrol cars all across the nation. “With everything going on in the world right now, God is the only thing we can trust,” Sheriff Doolen said. Doolen said the phrase does not specify which God it is referring to and does not infringe on anyone’s rights. Booking reports may now be found via the “corrections” drop-down menu or by clicking here . A running monthly report, updated weekly, will be available for download or viewing within your browser. A link to a free PDF reader has been provided. This will serve to reduce the amount of clutter on the front page, reserving that for more important information. Welcome, The Hardeman County Sheriff’s Office is located at 505 South Main Street in Bolivar, TN. This website has been established in an effort to provide better service to the county. Please check back regularly for updates and information. DIAL 911 for all emergency calls. To report a crime please contact Central Dispatch 24 hours a day at (731) 228-3000. To submit information regarding ongoing non-emergency criminal activity please use the “Citizen Feedback” form located on the right of the page. PHONE# (731) 228-3000 FAX# (731) 658-3803 BOOKING# (731) 228-3016 Congratulations to two of our staff members, Facility Security Officer Ashley Jones and Nurse Rachel Thomas, on successfully completing Crisis Intervention Team (CIT) training.This specialized training equips our personnel with the skills needed to effectively respond to individuals experiencing mental health crises, with a focus on de-escalation, communication, and connecting people to appropriate resources.We are proud of their dedication to continued training and their commitment to serving our community with professionalism, compassion, and care. Citizen Feedback/Tips Please use the form below to provide feedback or submit tips. Please include your email address if you would like a response. If you would like to contacted by phone please include your number and a convenient time of day. All correspondence will be kept confidential. You may use the attachment option to forward photos or other files. Name: * Email Address: * Phone number: Subject: * Message: * Attachment: Pages Home Administration Patrol Division Patrol Command Structure Court Security D.A.R.E. School Resource Investigations Child Abuse Property Narcotics Corrections Corrections Command Structure Booking Reports About the Sheriff’s Office Office of Sheriff LEO Code Of Ethics Employment Opportunities Line of Duty Deaths County History Contact Us Links Theme: Guten by Kaira