Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women - Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women back to map Physical Address 6923 Highway 74, St. Gabriel, LA 70776 Phone (225) 319-2701 Mailing Address 6923 Highway 74, St. Gabriel, LA 70776 Warden Kristen Thomas Mission Statement It is the mission of the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women (LCIW) to provide custody, control, care, and treatment in a professional manner to imprisoned adult women through enforcement of the laws and management of programs designed to ensure the safety of the public, employees, and imprisoned women. LCIW also aims to help women releasing from prison reintegrate back into their communities. Goals 1. Ensure public safety by preventing escape from custody through implementation of adequate physical and procedural safeguards. 2. Maintain accreditation with the American Correctional Association (ACA). 3. Ensure provision of basic services to women in prison by maintaining sufficient and appropriate facilities, adequate medical and mental health services, ample pastoral care services, food services that meet basic dietary requirements, and clothing conducive to the climate. Provide special accommodations to women in prison when warranted. Ensure women in prison receive continuity of care in all areas. 4. Enhance consistency in medical, mental health, and security operations through internal review of programs, processes, and procedures. 5. Ensure compliance with the Americans with Disability Act (ADA). Expand services provided to imprisoned women with special needs, which consists of people who are elderly, have impaired hearing, etc. and on-going rehabilitative services to imprisoned women. 6. Ensure compliance with Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) standards and D.R. C-01-022, through the adoption of the practices set forth in the PREA standards. 7. Develop and maintain partnerships throughout the community with private and public agencies to assist in providing women in prison with a smooth transition into the community. 8. Recruit and maintain stability in the workforce, both in security and civilian sectors through enhancement of the training program. 9. Promote professionalism and productivity in the security and civilian division to promote the retention of staff. 10. Enhance medical division with the use of community volunteers to provide health related education to women in prison. 11. Continue to enhance wellness among women in prison. 12. Continue to enhance the Re-Entry Program by recruiting volunteers from the community to teach specialized subjects on a recurring schedule. 13. Enhance the provision of in-house medical services due to changes in the delivery of the Department’s healthcare system throughout the state . Driving Directions If traveling I-10 westbound, exit I-10 at Gonzales (Exit 177) at the Tanger Outlet Mall. Go left under the interstate on Hwy. 30. Follow Hwy. 30 until you get to Hwy. 74 at St. Gabriel. Turn right on Hwy. 74. LCIW will be on your left after about one (1) mile. If traveling I-10 eastbound, take I-10 east towards New Orleans. Take Exit 173 Prairieville/Geismar and turn right onto Hwy. 73. Follow Hwy. 73 to Hwy. 74. Turn right on Hwy. 74. Proceed approximately 5.5 miles to LCIW. LCIW is on the right after a large curve. From downtown Baton Rouge, proceed south on Nicholson Drive (Hwy. 30) past LSU Tiger Stadium. Drive eight (8) miles to Hwy. 74. Turn left and drive one (1) mile to LCIW entrance on left. Elayn Hunt Correctional Center is situated immediately to the west of LCIW. Visitation Information It is the policy of the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women (LCIW) to recognize the importance of visitation in the maintenance of family ties. Visitation with family members is a vital aspect in the rehabilitation of an imprisoned woman. The institution also recognizes that the maintaining of relationships with extended family members and friends is also important. Therefore, every effort shall be aimed at allowing women in prison to visit with their family and friends, and at the same time not overtax the institution’s ability to process visitors, and provide adequate control and supervision of the visiting process. LCIW does not discriminate against imprisoned women and visitors, including the clergy, attorneys, imprisoned women’s family members and other authorized visitors, on the basis of disability. When requested, reasonable accommodations may be made to afford accessibility, wherein such accommodation does not result in an undue hardship on the institution, nor jeopardize the safety of employees, imprisoned women, and other visitors. Eligibility of Prospective Visitors All persons, except as specifically prohibited in accordance with this policy, are eligible to be considered for approval to visit a woman confined at LCIW upon application and request by the imprisoned woman. A person is ineligible to visit if that person has been convicted of, and/or has criminal charges pending against him/her for the following crimes/criminal activities: Introduction and/or supplying, attempting or conspiring to introduce or supply contraband as defined in Department Regulation No. B-05-001 “Disciplinary Rules and Procedures for Adult Offenders;” Possession, control or delivery of an explosive device or substance, including attempt or conspiracy to do the same; or Assisting an imprisoned person in an escape or unlawful departure from a correctional facility, including an attempt or conspiracy. A person who has been convicted of a felony, who has not been finally discharged from an institution or from probation or parole supervision for more than two years without an intervening criminal record shall be denied approval to be placed on an imprisoned woman’s visiting list. In addition, any person who in the previous five years had three or more felony charges (regardless of disposition) shall be considered ineligible to visit or, if already an approved visitor, shall have visiting privileges revoked. When an active criminal warrant is found, the application shall be reviewed and local law enforcement shall be notified of the information provided. No visitation is allowed while the visitation application is in pending status. Eligibility of Imprisoned Women All imprisoned women, except those women in intake status or as specifically provided herein, are eligible to apply for visits while confined to LCIW. Visitation will not be allowed while an imprisoned woman is in intake status. Once an imprisoned woman is removed from intake status, visitation with immediate family members may be authorized at the request of the imprisoned woman. If the intake process exceeds thirty (30) days, the imprisoned woman may request a special visit with immediate family members in accordance with LCIW visiting procedures. Women who have a current or prior conviction for a sex crime involving a minor child family member, or who have a documented history of sex abuse with a minor child family member, are ineligible to visit with any minor child, including their own biological or stepchild. Women who have a current or prior conviction for a sex crime involving a minor child who is not a family member are ineligible to visit with any minor child. However, at the Warden’s discretion, women with these convictions may be authorized to visit with their own biological child. The legal guardian of the child shall submit a written request and shall accompany the minor child during the visit. The legal guardian may be permitted to name another individual (other than the legal guardian) who is on the imprisoned woman’s visiting list to accompany the minor child for a visit. The legal guardian shall provide a written, notarized statement authorizing a specific individual to accompany the minor child. If approved by the warden, the visit may be contact or non-contact at the warden’s discretion. Visitation Process At the time of admission and then quarterly as per schedule, women in prison may apply for approval to visit with family members and friends. Women serving time at LCIW must mail visiting applications to those they wish to visit. The application must then be mailed back to LCIW (faxed applications are not accepted). Once applications are returned to LCIW, LCIW employees process the completed applications, and criminal record checks are run. Imprisoned women are notified when requested visitors are approved to visit. The number of approved visitors allowed in any one visit is determined by the custody status of the woman in prison. Women under Minimum and Achievement Custody may have up to six (6) adult visitors per visit while women under Medium Custody may visit with up to four (4) approved adult visitors. There is no limit on the number of children under age 15 who may attend Minimum or Medium Custody visits. Women under Maximum Custody are only allowed two (2) visitors per visit and women on Death Row are allowed only one (1) approved visitor each visit. There is no limit on children for Maximum Custody visits if it is the imprisoned woman’s own children, or if others are approved in advance by the Warden. All custody levels, excluding non-contact visits, are limited to two (2) visits each month. Each visit may last up to two (2) hours. In addition, women under Minimum Custody and Achievement Status will be allowed an additional four (4) hours a month for immediate family members only. The duration of non-contact visits is at the discretion of the Warden, but may be up to two (2) hours. Families driving long distances to visit with an imprisoned woman are suggested to call LCIW prior to leaving home to make sure visitation will be held that day. Visitors should also be aware that circumstances in prisons can change abruptly. Visitation may be canceled if necessary without prior notice. LCIW takes into consideration the impact visits with parents or grandparents in a correctional setting may have on young children and provides age appropriate books in the gym to entertain and occupy the minds of these children. At all times, children must be supervised by the imprisoned woman who is being visited or the adult visitor who brought the children. Visitation is a privilege, not a right. Violation of rules may result in termination of the visit, loss of the imprisoned woman’s visiting privileges, banning of the visitor from entering the institution or its grounds, and/or criminal charges as circumstances warrant. Contact/Non-Contact Visits Most visits at LCIW take place in the Visiting Room and are monitored by security officers. However, in certain situations, imprisoned women/visitors may be placed on non-contact visitation status for the safe and secure operation of the institution. Women on death row generally have non-contact visits with their approved visitors, but are now allowed two (2) contact visits each year. Imprisoned women who are housed in segregation/disciplinary units, which include protective custody, are also placed on non-contact visitation status. All visits with attorneys are contact visits. Any imprisoned woman who pleads guilty or has been found guilty of a disciplinary rule for one (1) or more of the following reasons will be subject to non-contact visits for a minimum of six (6) months: Possession of any drug or drug paraphernalia Producing a positive or adulterated urine sample Refusal or substantial delay to provide a urine sample Introduction of contraband into the institution Positive breathalyzer test Any major rule violation that occurs in the visitation area Such restriction is formally reviewed, at a minimum, every six (6) months. Shared Visits While LCIW allows imprisoned women with the same immediate family members to visit together, shared visits have been started for those who don’t have frequent visits. Shared visits consist of a regular visit along with an additional imprisoned person and may be considered if the imprisoned person meets certain criteria. People under achievement status and/or minimum custody who have not received a visit in the past year and have not received a disciplinary report within the past six (6) months of request may be eligible for a shared visit once a quarter of the calendar year. Eligible imprisoned women must submit written requests for a shared visit at least four (4) weeks prior to the requested date. Both imprisoned people will be notified within one (1) week of the requested visit date whether the request is approved or denied. Visiting Days/Hours Monday & Wednesday — 9:00 a.m. – 2:00 p.m. for women on Death Row Friday — 9:00 a.m. – 2:00 p.m. for all women in general population and women assigned to maximum custody, segregation, or disciplinary units. Saturday & Sunday — 9:00 a.m. – 2:00 p.m. for contact visits for Medium, Minimum Custody by dorm as assigned per weekend. The Aquarius and Gemini dormitories and the Pisces and Libra dormitories alternate weekend days so that women in each dorm will be able to visit on a Saturday and Sunday on alternating weekends. Women housed in the Honor Dorm may visit during approved visiting hours on Saturday and Sunday. Visitors are not accepted after 1:15 p.m. For a full list of visiting rules, including appropriate dress, click here. Educational Programming The education/vocational programs provide opportunities for imprisoned women to improve their knowledge and skills, and special activities provide productive and diverse opportunities. Educational/vocational programs include: Basic Adult Literacy A reading and writing program designed to teach non-readers through intermediate readers reading skills, and life skills through reading, writing, and mathematical exercises. Imprisoned women whose test scores indicate 1.0 to 4.9 grade level are enrolled in this class. Adult Basic Education (ABE)/Developmental Studies ABE/Developmental Studies is a class that provides instruction in the basics of reading, English, and math. This program offers women basic upgrades to prepare them for a variety of vocational occupations and classes offered through Baton Rouge Community College – LCIW campus. This class uses some computer instruction, as well as individual personal instruction to teach these skills. This class is open to women who test at or above the 5.0 grade level. High School Equivalency (HSE) HSE is a class that enhances instruction in reading, English, math, science, and social studies. Imprisoned women with test scores 5.0 and above are enrolled in this program. Students participating in this program work towards achieving their high school equivalency diploma. Culinary Arts Class The Culinary Arts class provides imprisoned women with the knowledge and skills necessary for employment in the food service industry. This is a program offered to women within 36 months of release. Training emphasizes the study of foods and their nutritional content, menu planning, food processing and production, quantity cooking, using and storing equipment, sanitation, safety, serving techniques, and self management skills. As an optional component of the class, women have the opportunity to obtain the nationally recognized ServSafe Certificate. The grade level requirement to be admitted to this class is 9.0 or greater. Horticulture Class The Horticulture class provides women with the knowledge and skills necessary for employment as arborists, florists, horticulturists, and landscape contractors. Training emphasizes the study of plants, pesticides, herbicides, insecticides, planting techniques and planning, and management of horticultural enterprises. Testing for Louisiana State Licensure is offered to qualified candidates. The grade level requirement to be admitted to this class is 10.0 or greater. Upholstery Class This class provides women with the knowledge and skills necessary for employment in the field of upholstery. Training is provided in restoring furniture, upholstered items, and automobile and boat interiors. This is approximately an 18-month program. The grade level requirement to be admitted to this class is 8.0 or greater. Welding LCIW’s welding program takes individuals through a welding curriculum providing industry-based credentials as the student progresses. The course is designed to provides hands-on training. Students are instructed in stick, which is officially known as Shielded Metal Arc Welding (SMAW), metal inert gas (mig) and tungsten inert gas (tig) welding principles, working with steel and various allows in plate and pipe configurations. Length of the class is 12 to 18 months. Students must score at least an 8.0 on the test of adult basic education or TABE to potentially qualify. Reentry Programming Reentry programming for each woman begins at intake as needs are determined and goals to be achieved during incarceration are set. Prior to release, women complete 100 hours of structured programming geared to prepare the woman for re-integration into society. Topics include resume writing, interviewing skills, interacting with government agencies, assistance with getting necessary information, parenting, anger management and substance abuse instruction. Community agencies also present information pertinent to release during this program. Other Programs & Services Program for Caring Parents This is a visitation component in which children and grandchildren age 10 and under are allowed to come onto the grounds on the fifth Saturdays during the year to spend the day with their mothers and/or grandmothers. Other special family-centered events included in the program are the annual Easter Children’s Day and the Christmas Extravaganza. Women in prison must enroll their children and grandchildren in advance to be screened for approval and attend these programs. Teen Day is the annual visitation program that allows teenagers (11 to 17 years old) to spend the day with their mothers and/or grandmothers. Parenting Program Partners in Parenting Program is a seven-week program designed to focus on concepts important for effective parenting such as communication skills, guidance techniques, and strategies for discipline. The program also focuses on building skills, providing support, and helping parents understand needs and abilities of children during the different stages of development. Morals Integrity Group – The Louisiana Sex Offender Risk Management Project This group is for adjudicated women who have been convicted of sex offenses. The group has a psycho-educational component and a treatment component. Its theoretical foundation is cognitive behavioral and is strongly grounded in relapse prevention. This 26-week program allows a woman to explore the nature of the events, thoughts, and feelings related to their sexually inappropriate behavior with expectations that the woman shifts from maintaining inappropriate behaviors to expressing more appropriate and healthy sexual behavior. To graduate, women must successfully complete each phase, taking both pre-tests and post-tests for each phase, completing group and homework assignments, and obeying group rules. Survivors of Domestic Violence LCIW’s Survivors of Domestic Violence Program is sponsored by the Capital Area Family Violence Intervention Center (Battered Women). The program is ten weeks in length and is facilitated by AFVIC volunteers. The program is structured in two phases: Phase I Education Group (support group) and Phase II Leadership Group (mentor group). The program focuses on teaching participants about abusive relations and helping participants learn how to build healthy relationships. Living in Balance This is an eight and a half-week program in which women receive structured programming during the evening hours and work or go to school during the day. The core sessions for this program include: alcohol and other drug education; triggers, cravings and avoiding relapse; planning for sobriety; alcohol and tobacco; spirituality; sex, drugs, and alcohol; stress and emotional well-being; skills for reducing stress; negative emotions; anger and communication; and relapse prevention. Faith Based Programs The Faith Based Programs of LCIW provide services to meet the needs of the growing number of imprisoned women while assisting imprisoned women with their rehabilitation and reintegration into the community following release. The chaplain, as the Volunteer Coordinator, works closely with the community networking with clergy and laymen alike from various faith groups and organizations to bring forth core changes in imprisoned women, with the goal of reducing recidivism following release. Big Sister’s Program This is an orientation program for new people admitted to LCIW. Representatives from various departments such as Mental Health, Records, Classification, Offender Banking and Medical partner with representatives from organizations for women in prison to present newly assigned women with information on services provided by each department and how to access those services. Organizations for Women in Prison Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women has four (4) organizations for women in prison: Jaycees, Lifers, Culinary Arts, and Toastmasters. These organizations all seek to provide a means for imprisoned women to use their time productively and to learn to give something back to society, within and outside the prison. LCIW Jaycees provide training in leadership development and instill civic awareness. The Jaycees provide civic service through the organized efforts of young persons in the community by enriching the welfare of the community and its citizens through active, constructive projects. In 1992, the Ladies Involved For Education Rehabilitation Service otherwise known as the LIFERS Association of LCIW was formed. The Association enables Lifers to come together and assist one another through the exchange of ideas and opinions. With the assistance of the administration, the LIFERS Association hopes to establish for its members an opportunity to forge a better relationship among themselves, their families, and the community. The mission of the Toastmasters Club is to provide a mutually supportive and positive learning environment in which every individual member has the opportunity to develop oral communication and leadership skills, which in turn foster self-confidence and personal growth. The Culinary Arts Club provides members with knowledge and skills in the food service industry. Activities include organizing menus, budgeting, purchasing, preparing, and serving quality food. The club provides opportunities to learn garnishing, nutritional content, food processing, presentation of meals, gourmet cooking, equipment, sanitation, safety, and self-management skills. It helps members realize their full potential in the world of food service and prepares them for productive citizenship. Tours Outside Tour Group Guidelines All tours of the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women will consist of a walking tour of the facility and a meeting with a speaker who is an imprisoned woman. Groups desiring a tour of the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women should fax their request to the Office of the Warden at the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women at (225) 319-2757 at least two (2) weeks prior to the desired date of the tour. The request should include the name of the individual requesting the tour, telephone number, fax number, name of the tour group, preferred date, as well as an alternate date, purpose of the tour, number in group, time of arrival, and sex (male/female). Groups will be limited to forty (40). Tours are scheduled on Monday through Wednesday from 9:30 a.m. through 11:30 a.m. There are no tours conducted on weekends or holidays. There is one tour scheduled per week so that we can provide the group with a comprehensive overview of the facility. If an approved group should need to cancel a tour or will arrive late, they must contact the Warden’s Office at (225) 319-2382 or (225) 319-2341, so that tour guides can be placed on notice of this delay. Any tour arriving late without advanced notice may be cancelled. The Warden’s Office will make the final decision on cancellations. All tour groups will be notified of their approved scheduled date. Directions to the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women and Policies and Procedures for Tours will be sent to the approved tour group. The dress code should be proper and decent. No halter-tops, shorts, tank tops, see through clothing, low-cut articles exposing the upper torso, mini-skirts or mini-dresses or any form of seductive garments shall be allowed. No one will be allowed to wear camouflage, the combination of blue jeans and blue chambray shirts, gray or white sweatshirts or blue jean jackets. No flip-flops or beach shoes are allowed. Sandals must have a back strap. Leggings and jeggings are not allowed. Keys, purses, and/or handbags will not be carried in during the tour. Keys, purses, and/or handbags must be locked on the bus while the tour is being conducted. The institution will not be responsible for personal property. Physical contact between imprisoned women and tour group members is strictly prohibited. Communication with imprisoned women is limited to speakers approved by the staff. Violations will result in immediate termination of the tour. Loud, boisterous, or unruly behavior will result in the tour being terminated. No cameras (video recorders, digital, phones, etc.), tape recorders, or any other recording equipment will be allowed. Tour group members are prohibited from bringing contraband on LCIW’s property. Examples of contraband are alcohol, drugs, weapons, beepers, cell phones, etc. Introduction of contraband is a felony violation of state law and is punishable by a jail sentence. One person in the tour may carry necessary prescribed medication after having them checked by the Security Tour Guide. Prescribed medication must be in containers and properly labeled. No one under the age of twelve (12) will be permitted to tour the facility. Tour group members shall obey all instructions, procedures and orders while on institutional grounds. All members of the tour group will remain with the group at all times. Staff Support of the Community United Way The Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women staff has proven time and time again their commitment to giving to the community. Employees participated in the Capital Area United Way campaigns for several years. Their commitment to United Way and the services this organization provides to the local community is proven in the funds raised by staff. Civic/School Tours It is the policy of Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women to encourage community involvement by permitting civic leagues, church groups, schools, college classes, and public organizations/agencies access to tour the facility. The primary purpose of these tours is to portray an accurate and realistic account of prison life at LCIW. Special tours can also be requested to target risk groups. American Heart Association Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women staff supports the American Heart Association’s Annual Heart Walk through staff and imprisoned women walker teams who raise donations for the AHA to provide research for cures, education and support to benefit those suffering from heart disease. The Louisiana School for the Visually Impaired Every Christmas, the staff of LCIW sponsors a special outing at the facility for students at the Louisiana School for the Visually Impaired. Staff members purchase Christmas gifts and a staff Santa Claus passes them out to the students during the program. Jump to section Contact Information Mission Statement Goals Driving Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Other Programs & Services Tours Additional Information Contact Information Mission Statement Goals Driving Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Other Programs & Services Tours