Brevard County Sheriff's Office Skip to content Sheriff Wayne Ivey Welcome to the webpage for the Brevard County Sheriff’s Office. I am honored to continue serving our amazing community as Sheriff and to work alongside the incredible men and women of the Brevard County Sheriff’s Office who stand guard at the door to keep evil away!! These incredible men and women work hard each and everyday to protect our community, our citizens, and even our pets!! As Sheriff I understand first hand that it takes a community to protect a community and by partnering with our citizens we have not only significantly lowered our crime rate, but also had fewer victims of crime now, more than anytime in the past 45 years!! In Brevard County, we have zero tolerance for crime and even less tolerance for criminals as we work hard to keep Brevard County one of the safest places in the world to call home!! About Sheriff Ivey Quick Links Join BCSO Crime Prevention Programs Arrest Inquiry Jail Livestream Public Records Requests Report Tips Anonymously To Crimeline 800-423-TIPS Community News & Events Stay up to date with shred events, current frauds and scams, and other community news from the Brevard County Sheriff’s Office. Adopt Don’t Shop There’s not better time than now to look for love at our Animal Care Center, and as always, all adoptions are free!! Learn More BusPatrol School Bus Safety Program Brevard County’s School Bus Safety Program starts August 11 with a warning period. Citations for illegally passing school buses begin September 17, 2025. Learn More 2026 Shred Events BCSO is holding several Shred Events in 2026 across Brevard County. Limit of two boxes per person. Dates and locations available here. Learn More FOSTERS NEEDED! Sheriff Wayne Ivey and the Brevard County Animal Care Center are in great need of volunteers to help foster kittens. Learn More News Releases NR 26-01 Brevard County Sheriff’s Office Announces Agency Award Recipients March 15, 2026 2:58 pm NR 25-15 Arrest made in Port St John Homicide November 16, 2025 9:28 pm NR: 25-14: Media Invitation: Brevard County Sheriff’s Office Groundbreaking Ceremony – November 14, 2025 November 13, 2025 9:39 am See All News Releases Skip to content