Inmate Mail and Visitation | Jackson County Sheriff's Office Inmate Phone & Video Visitation All visitation is conducted by video by our vendor Prodigy View the Visitation Guidelines View the Inmate Mail Guidelines Signing up for Prodigy video visitation is quick and easy. Just follow these four steps! Visit Prodigy Visitation and set up an account. Verify your identity, upload a copy of your driver's license and a profile picture Make a deposit to a pre-paid or pin debit account When you receive a video call, you will receive an SMS message on your cell phone from Prodigy with a link to join the video call. Prodigy Customer Support (866) 700-4545 . Video Visitation Guidelines All visitation at the Jackson County Sheriff's Office is conducted by video. No in-person visitation is available. Visits MUST BE SCHEDULED AT LEAST 24 HOURS IN ADVANCE. Must be approved for visitation. The approval process take 3 - 5 business days. Inmate visitation is a privilege for both the inmate and the visitor. Inmate visitation privileges can be revoked at any time for disciplinary reasons. Visitors can have their privileges revoked for violating visitation rules or other improper behavior. Visitors must be at least 18 years of age or have their parent or legal guardian present. No nudity, no illicit or illegal activity that may result in a chargeable offense for the visitor and or the inmate. Jackson County Jail has the right to shut off any visit at any time. All video visits will be monitored and recorded. Inmate Mail Policy Inmates have the ability to correspond with family and friends by mail, inmates can also receive mail from the same. It is important to note, all mail is opened and checked for contraband (illegal smuggled items) prior to being given to the inmate. A reminder that assisting in or bringing contraband into any detention facility may be punishable in a court of law. If you would like to correspond with an inmate by mail, please use the address listed below. Inmates will not be allowed to correspond with other inmates whether in the same facility or another facility. Correspondence must include your first and last name as well as your return address. If this is not included on the letter, it will be returned to you. Items not Allowed: Newspapers Magazines Polaroid Pictures More than 3-5 Photos per letter Pens, pencils, stamps, envelopes, blank paper, cards with musical devices, etc. Only items that can be scanned will be processed Address Inmate mail as follows: c/o Jackson County Sheriff's Office Inmate Name 600 S Main St. Altus, OK 73521 © 2026 Jackson County Sheriff's Office | All Rights Reserved Accessibility | Copyright | Terms of Use Site by: SheriffWebsites.com