Sheriff's Office | New Kent County, VA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Updates New Kent DMV Select - New Operational Hours as of July 1 Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Your Government Departments H-Z Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Agency Overview The New Kent County Sheriff’s Office is the principal provider of law enforcement for the County of New Kent, providing service to an estimated population of 26,000 residents within the county’s 212-square-miles. Under the leadership of Sheriff Lee S. Bailey, the Sheriff’s Office continues to be one of the most respected and professional law enforcement agencies in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Mission Statement The members of the New Kent County Sheriff’s Office shall, through a partnership with the citizens of our community, provide for the highest possible degree of protection for the county residents, guests, and their properties. The New Kent Sheriff’s Office shall endeavor to develop community responsibilities devoted to the reduction of crime and the enhancement of public safety. These efforts shall include problem solving strategies, crime analysis, crime suppression, and crime prevention techniques, a business / community / law enforcement alliance, and other approaches designed to establish an environment where the criminal element will not prosper. Resource Information For information on traffic safety, child safety seats, or other resources please call us or you may click the "Community Resources" link in the upper left side of this page. If you would like to test your phone line to verify that the enhanced 911 system has your information correct please visit our 911 Verification page . Complaints or Commendations Complaints or commendations are welcome. To make either a complaint or commendation, please use the corresponding links below for more information. Complaint Form Commendation Form Effective July 1, 2020, the Virginia Department of State Police, Uniform Crime Reporting Unit began the collection of investigatory stop data based on the creation of the Community Policing Act . Updates to the original legislation were made per Chapter 37 of the 2020 Special Session I. The following code section includes all data collected and additions to the Community Policing Act effective July 1, 2021. Data from July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021 include only those persons stopped while driving. Data from July 1, 2021 and on will contain all persons subject to an investigatory (non-consensual) stop. Virginia Community Policing Act data is publicly available on the Virginia Open Data Portal website https://data.virginia.gov/stories/s/rden-cz3h ***The New Kent County Sheriff's Office is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. New Kent County Sheriff Lee S. Bailey 11995 Courthouse Circle P.O. Box 186 New Kent, VA 23124 Get directions to the Sheriff's Office Emergency Dial: 9-1-1 Phone: (804) 966-9500 (non-emergency) Administrative Hours Monday - Friday 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Law enforcement services are provided to the county 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Sheriff Bailey is responsible for all Freedom of Information Act requests (FOIA) for the Sheriff's Office. Please forward all FOIA requests to the attention of Sheriff Bailey either by using the email link above or by United States Mail to our mailing address of Post Office Box 186 New Kent, VA 23124. New Kent County FOIA Policy Link For information on the Prescription Drug Take Back Program please call Lieutenant Howard at 804-966-9519. Jobs Parks & Recreation Public Safety Online Payments Property Information Public Meetings County Administration Building PO Box 150 12007 Courthouse Circle New Kent VA 23124 Phone: 804-966-9861 Virginia Department of Social Services Resource Guide /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow