Eagle Eye – Bail Solution LLC Skip to content sbeck@eagleeyebailsolutions.com (205) 614-0494 671 Tuscaloosa Street Greensboro, AL, USA Together We'll Work To Get Your Bail Bond Done! Click Here To Get Someone Out of Jail 0% Interest Payment Plans Eagle Eye Bail Solutions fully understands the value of family. There is nothing worse than seeing loved ones torn over legal issues and jail, uniting everyone once again is our goal. 24-Hour Bail Bonds Service Regardless of the hour, if you find yourself in need of assistance, Eagle Eye Bail Solutions is here for you 24/7. Our team is always available to address your questions and concerns about securing a bail release for someone. Eagle Eye Bail Solutions LLC We Provide the Best Bail Solutions Getting an unexpected phone call that someone you care about is in jail is almost always a frightening and overwhelming experience. You suddenly find yourself responsible for getting your friend or family member home. However, that means navigating the legal system and paying bail — where do you start? At Eagle Eye Bail Solutions LLC, we provide compassionate and expert service to help you get your loved one home from jail as soon as possible. Learn more about us and the locations we serve today. Our Office Locations: 606 Jackson Avenue Clanton, AL 35045 671 Tuscaloosa St, Greensboro, AL 36744 Learn More Click Here To Get Someone Out of Jail Eagle Eye Bail Solutions LLC How Bail Bonds Work You can rest easy knowing that the Eagle Eye Bail Solutions LLC will fully support you through every step of posting bail and getting your loved one home. 01 About Bail Bonds A Surety Bond, is when a third party agrees to be responsible for the debt or obligation of the arrestee. In many jurisdictions this service is provided commercially by a bail bondsman, where the agent will receive 10% to 15% (as stated by law) of the bail amount up front and will keep that amount regardless of whether the arrestee appears in court. The bail agent then posts a bond for the amount of the bail, to guarantee the arrestee’s return to court. 02 How Bail Bonds Work When dealing with the bail bond agents it is most important to understand the process. If you are unfamiliar with the bail process and would like to learn more about the process please browse our frequently asked questions. 03 How does the bail process work? If an individual gets arrested the court requests a bail, and a bail bond agent posts the bail bond for a fee and that bail bond guarantees that the arrestee will appear in court guilty or not. When a bail bond agent posts bail for a client they are guaranteeing to the court that the arrestee will appear in court on the necessary dates. 04 What is the cost for Bail Bonds? By law, the premium for a bond is set generally between 10% and 15% of the full bail amount (depending on what state your loved one/friend is jailed in). 05 What happens if bail is not posted? If bail is not posted, the arrestee will remain in custody until and if the judge decides to release the arrestee without bail. While in custody it is possible, but quite rare that an arrestee will be released on “OR” or “own recognizance.” In such a case the arrestee will be released on their own accord, but will be required to attend all future court 06 Why should you use a Bail Bond Agent If you use a bail bond agent, you do not have to pay the entire bail amount yourself! When you use a bail bond agent, you pay the bail bond agent a fee and the bail bond agent acts as a surety, telling the court that they (the bail bond agents) will pay the full bond amount should the defendant fail to appear in court. Bail bond agents make money by collecting a non-refundable fee. Usually, the fee is 10% of the amount of bail. So, if a court sets a defendant’s bail at $20,000, that defendant (or someone acting on the defendant’s behalf) can pay a bail bond agent $2,000 and the bail bond agent will act as a surety on the defendant’s behalf. The bail bond agent fee is non-refundable even if the defendant is acquitted or the charges are later dropped. I was in a really tough spot when my brother was arrested. I had no idea how the bail process worked, but the team at Eagle Eye Bail Solutions walked me through every step. They were understanding, professional, and made the whole experience much less stressful. My brother was out in no time, and I can't thank them enough for their support and quick service!" Annie Read Eagle Eye Bail Solutions was a lifesaver when I needed to bail out my friend. They provided clear information about the fees and the process, and their staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. They worked quickly to secure his release, and I felt like I could trust them every step of the way. Highly recommend their services!" Tom R. I was so relieved to find Eagle Eye Bail Solutions when my husband was arrested unexpectedly. They handled everything with such care and professionalism. The bondsman explained all my options and helped me understand what to expect. Thanks to their prompt action, my husband was home within hours. I truly appreciate their dedication and compassion during a difficult time. Lisa K. Eagle Eye Bail Solutions LLC Alabama Greensboro Office Location We provide bail solutions in Hale, Perry, Tuscaloosa, Marengo, Shelby, Chilton, and Bibb counties. Clanton Office Location What if my friend/loved one does not come up in the search results? Don’t worry! It can take up to 72 Hours for the jail to process the paperwork from the court that set his/her bail. We will automatically contact you by your preferred method (text/email) within seconds of your friend/loved one’s information being processed by the jail system and showing he/she is eligible for bail. If it has been more than 72 hours since you submitted your friend/ loved one’s information on Simply Bail, please contact customer support at: sbeck9977@gmail.com. How long does it take to get someone out of jail? We are the fastest way to get your friend/ loved one out of jail! Just like we notify you when bail has been set and your friend/loved one is processed in the jail system, it automatically submits the information you supplied and your payment information to your selected bail bond agent so they can get your friend/ loved one out as fast as possible. No time wasted waiting for responses to emails, or calls back, or having to go into the bond agent’s office. Is my bail payment refundable? The payment you make to the bail bond agent (usually a percentage of the bail required to release your friend/ loved one) is NON-REFUNDABLE. Please refer any additional questions to your bail bond agent directly. How do I contact my selected bail bond agent? Once the bail bond agent has approved your request, you will automatically be notified by your preferred method (text/email) within seconds, and will be provided with an email and phone contact, in case you need to contact them directly. Once the request is approved, we can assure you your selected bail bond agent has everything they need to make the bail bond payment to get your friend/ loved one released. We will automatically notify you by your preferred method (text/email) when the bail payment has been processed and your friend/ loved one is ready for release. How Bail Bonds Work If you don’t find the answer to your question, feel free to get in touch with us directly! Phone (205) 614-0494 Email sbeck9977@gmail.com Blog & News Articles & Blogs From Eagle Eye Bail Solutions View All Understanding the Bail Process: A Step-by-Step Guide January 31, 2024 Read More » The Impact of Bail Reform on the Justice System January 20, 2024 Read More » What Happens After Bail is Posted? January 10, 2024 Read More » Contact Us (205) 614-0494 sbeck@eagleeyebailsolutions.com 671 Tuscaloosa Street 2026 © Eagle Eye Bail Solutions LLC – All rights reserved | Website Designed By Futuristic Web Studios