Taylor County Sheriff's Office Skip to content For Emergencies: Call 911 Skip to content Slide 3 Img Slide 1 Img Slide 2 For Emergencies – Call 911 Arrests, Felons/Sex Offenders Recent Arrests Search Open Warrants Felon Registration, Sex Offender Registration Inmate Search Jail Information – Taylor County Jail Civil Process & Warrants Civil Process (serve a warrant) Search Outstanding Warrants by Name Classes and Services Civil Process (serve a warrant) Crime Prevention Class Fingerprinting Firearms Gun Safety Course Teen Challenge Driver’s Course TCSO Info Commendations and Complaints (Feedback) Job Listings and Application Locations Phone directory Public Information Office (PIO) TCSO Sheriff’s App Report a Crime or Fraud Online Reporting Aggressive Driving Car/Vehicle break in / stolen property Domestic Violence Injunctions Scams Calls and Schemes Submit an Anonymous Tip Visit Emerald Coast Crime Stoppers Website Reports and Information Public Records Requests Crash Reports Arrest/Crime Reports Beach Rules and Regulations on Drinking Noise Ordinances in Residential Areas Other Resources FDLE SEXUAL OFFENDERS SEARCH DOC INMATE POPULATION SEARCH A Message from the Sheriff: From the first day on the job, I’ve stressed the importance of treating all members of our community with respect, being transparent and accountable to the individuals that the Taylor County Sheriff’s Office serves. This office provides the citizens of Taylor County with a high level of customer service and a level of professionalism that gives me great honor to serve as your Sheriff. We understand that we are stewards of the public’s trust and that is a responsibility that I take very seriously. From our patrol deputies to our detention officers, we are committed to providing the very best in law enforcement services. As we strive for transparency and open government, we offer you a streamlined website that is both informative and user friendly. This site serves as a resource for members of the Taylor County Sheriff’s Office, the media, and the public. As part of our commitment, we’ve created our very own Facebook Page which serves as a real-time message board. Each citizen in Taylor County can be proud to share in the successes of your Sheriff’s Office. We ask for your continued partnership as we work together to keep our community safe and ensure it remains one of the country’s most enjoyable places to live and work. As your Sheriff, it is a great honor to serve you, and I thank you for the opportunity you have given me to serve. Sincerely, Wayne Padgett Sheriff Taylor County Sheriff’s Office Sheriff Wayne Padgett 108 N Jefferson St. Suite 103 Perry, FL 32347 850-584-4225 NOTICE: Florida has a broad public records law. Most written communications to or from state officials are public records that will be disclosed to the public and the media upon request. E-mail communications may be subject to public disclosure. Website by MuniCreative