Use Detention Services | Beaufort County Sheriff's Office top of page Search Detention Center Services Attorney Visits The Beaufort County Detention Center supports confidential attorney-client communication by offering appointment-only visits for attorneys, scheduled Monday through Friday from 9:00 AM to 3:00 PM. Contact Lieutenant Tina Coward at (252) 946-7113 with 24-hour advance notice to arrange your visit. Bail Bonding (App only) Our bail bonding service, accessible through our mobile app, allows users to easily search for inmates and initiate the bail process. This streamlined feature provides clear guidance and support for securing release. Download using the button below or scan the QR code with your smartphone camera to get started. Download the App Deposit Funds to an Inmate's Account Easily and securely deposit money into an inmate's account online. Please note that a transaction fee of 10% of the deposit amount will apply. To get started, visit www.team3.inmatecanteen.com . Click on "Create a User" if you don’t have an account yet, or "Sign In" if you already do. After creating your account, select "Beaufort County Jail" from the facility menu. You can then search for an inmate by entering their last name or ID number. Inmate Handbook Our inmate handbook is available for public viewing to promote transparency and understanding of our facility’s policies and procedures. It outlines inmate rights, responsibilities, and guidelines to ensure a safe and structured environment. Access the handbook below for detailed information. Inmate Phones Inmates booked into the Beaufort County Jail have access to payphones managed by Pay Tel Communications from 8:00 AM to 11:00 PM. No incoming calls are permitted. If you have problems receiving calls from the Jail, contact Pay Tel at 1-800-729-8355 . For more information, go to paytelconnect.com. Inmate Search We are proud to offer this feature on our mobile app, empowering you to easily access up-to-date information and stay informed about inmate status. Download using the button below or scan the QR code with your smartphone camera to get started. Download the App Personal Property Dropoff Personal property for inmates is accepted Monday through Friday from 8:30 AM – 4:30 PM. When dropping off property: I.D. required All socks, boxers, briefs, T-shirts, and bras must be new and in a factory-sealed package All items must be white, with a maximum of 7 of each item We will only accept property one time after incarceration No property other than whites or cream thermal underwear will be accepted Report Prison Rape (PREA - Prison Rape Elimination Act) (PREA)-115.54 THIRD PARTY REPORTING The Beaufort County Sheriff’s Office (BSCO) has a zero tolerance for all forms of sexual abuse and/or sexual harassment within the Beaufort County Sheriff’s Office detention facilities. BCSO will immediately respond to allegations, fully investigate reported alleged incidents, pursue disciplinary action based upon the outcome of the investigations in accordance with the PREA standards, and refer for prosecution those who perpetrate prohibited conduct. HOW TO REPORT SEXUAL ABUSE Inmates are encouraged to report all allegations of sexual abuse and/or sexual harassment immediately by: Informing any BCSO employee or volunteer, including medical staff Contacting the PREA coordinator via an inmate grievance form A friend, family member, etc., may report on behalf of an inmate by contacting the BCSO PREA Coordinator’s confidential mailbox, where messages may be left anonymously at (252) 946-7113 Ext. 217. Send Mail to an Inmate All incoming mail will be inspected for contraband prior to scanning on the tablets. All scanned mail containing material considered illegal or breaches of security will be turned over to the proper authorities for investigation. Any threats of criminal activity will not be permitted in any correspondence and may result in criminal charges. All incoming mail must have a full return name and a full return address; otherwise, it will not be accepted. All general mail, pictures (excluding nudity), drawings, or greeting cards will be viewed on the tablets. Incoming privileged mail will be opened and inspected for contraband by an officer in the presence of the inmate. Books are provided on the tablet and through the Chaplain that are suitable for the Detention Center Any books or materials not suitable in a detention facility will be returned. Money orders may only be accepted from those who live outside Beaufort County. If received, the money will be deposited into the inmate’s account, and a receipt will be issued. All incoming non-legal mail must be labeled and sent as follows: ​ Sender's first, last name, and address Beaufort County Detention Center Inmate's first and last name, Inmate ID number Facility ID Number: 5013 PO BOX 18247 Greensboro, NC 27419 All outgoing mail will be inspected for contraband before mailing. All outgoing mail will have the return address of the Detention Center as well as the name of the inmate. All privileged mail will be sent as follows: to the Beaufort County Detention Center. Incoming privileged mail will be opened and inspected for contraband by an officer in the presence of the inmate. Sender's first, last name, and address Inmate's first, last name, and address 210 N Market St Washington NC 27889 ​ Visitation In-Person Visits Professional visitors may include law enforcement officers, legal representatives, or religious persons. Special visits must be scheduled in advance and approved by the Jail Administrator. Virtual Visits Video visitation for family and friends is available through the HomeWav Kiosk located in the blocks. Visitation Requirements All visitors must present a valid ID. If a valid ID is not presented, the visitor will be blocked from visiting. Inappropriate behavior of any kind during video visitation will not be tolerated. Visitors must be clothed appropriately, including while on HomeWav. The following are inappropriate as deemed by staff: Mini Skirts Short Shorts Stomach or cleavage exposure No bags, purses, or any personal belongings are permitted inside the facility. Inmates will have 15 minutes of visitation per week at no charge, utilizing the HomeWav Kiosk. The free video visitation will reset on Sundays. Throughout the week, inmates can utilize HomeWav to have video visitation, as long as the rules are followed. All visitors to the Detention Center are subject to a search for contraband. All visitors will be subject to a check for outstanding warrants. Visitors must conduct themselves in an orderly manner. Introduction of contraband into the facility may result in arrest and criminal prosecution. Inmates are permitted only one visit per designated day. Special visits must be scheduled in advance and approved by either the Jail Administrator or the Assistant Administrator. 210 N Market Street Washington, NC 27889 (252) 946-7111 (24hr) info@co.beaufort.nc.us Front Office Open Mon - Fri, 8am - 5pm Privacy Policy First Name Last Name Email * Message * Submit bottom of page