Sheriff's Office | Sheriff Skip to main content To change the language of this website, click the drop-down list and select the desired language. The Fairfax County Web site is being translated through "machine translation" powered by Google Translate. Disclaimer Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Alert: Sheriff's Office Alert: 703-246-3227 TTY 711 sheriff@fairfaxcounty.gov 4110 Chain Bridge Road Fairfax, VA 22030 fairfaxcountysheriff Stacey A. Kincaid Sheriff What We Do Sheriff Stacey A. Kincaid and her deputies ensure the safety of, and provide the highest quality of service to, the residents of Fairfax County, Fairfax City and towns of Herndon and Vienna by operating a secure and humane Adult Detention Center; providing security for the Courthouse, courtrooms and surrounding complex; and serving/executing civil law process on behalf of the courts. In addition to these core functions, the Sheriff’s Office is actively engaged with the diverse communities it serves. The Sheriff's vision is to be known as the most professionally run, economically efficient, innovative organization among its peers. Learn More Department Resources Sheriff's Office Homepage Meet Sheriff Stacey A. Kincaid Recent News Join Our Team! Who We Are: Staff Highlights Contracting Opportunities Adult Detention Center Inmate Visiting Inmate Reentry Programs Community Engagement Child ID Events Safety Seat Inspection Events Project Lifesaver Shop with a Sheriff Honor Guard Bike Patrol Unit Communities of Trust Civil Enforcement: Evictions, Sheriff's Sales, Civil Process, Protective Orders Court Security Standard Operating Procedures FOIA Request Submit Complaint or Compliment Related Resources Annual Reports Criminal Justice Academy Community Criminal Justice Board Community Policing Statistics Search Sheriff's Office Common Topics Visit an Inmate Jail Topics Courthouse Security Jobs Volunteer Recent News Deputy Sheriff Recruiting Secure your future with a $15,000 signing bonus! Make a difference and join our mission to serve the community. Working together, we can build a stronger, safer Fairfax County. Accept the challenge and apply now to serve with the Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office! Learn more! Inmate Visiting Learn how to schedule a video visit Civil Process Sheriff's deputies serve/execute legal documents on individuals and businesses in civil matters. Learn more Community Activities The Sheriff’s Office inspects child safety seats and creates child ID cards. Learn more Facebook Fairfax Virtual Assistant How can I help? Ask a question Close Fairfax Virtual Assistant Related Resources Annual Reports Criminal Justice Academy Community Criminal Justice Board Community Policing Statistics