Denton County, TX | Official Website Skip to Main Content Public Notice Independence Day - Office Closure View County Holiday Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Elections Judicial Records Public Health Economic Development Bill Payments Notify Me® HOW CAN I… Quickly access popular requests Apply for Pay Register for Request View Volunteer Apply for Assumed Names Birth / Death Certificate Divorce Driver License Renewal Jobs with Denton County Marriage License Passports Permit Property Tax Exemptions /QuickLinks.aspx Pay Felony Fees & Fines Justice of the Peace Tickets Misdemeanor Fees & Fines Property Tax Vehicle Registration /QuickLinks.aspx Register for Attorney Web Access Emergency Notifications New Businesses Public Health Patient Portal Road Closure Notifications State of Texas Emergency Assistance Registry (STEAR) /QuickLinks.aspx Request Assumed Name Records Birth & Death Certificates Building Usage & Filming Civil Forms Criminal Forms Divorce Decree Records Documents Under the Public Information Act Jury Date Change Marriage Records Probate Forms Property Records Public Information Copies Voter Registration Application /QuickLinks.aspx View Bids & Request For Proposals Budget Reports Commissioners Court Meeting Agendas & Broadcasts Controlled Burn Contact Information Cybersecurity Awareness Electronic Filing & Service Foreclosure Information Interactive Maps Online Public Auctions Road Closures Sheriff's Sale Social Media Social Media Policy Voting Information /QuickLinks.aspx Volunteer Adopt A County Road Boards & Committees Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) History & Culture Volunteers Medical Reserve Corps Poll Worker Program Volunteers in Police Service /QuickLinks.aspx Denton County is Now Hiring! Department Directory Report a Concern Welcome to Denton County The Judge and Commissioners look forward to working with you to make your investment in our area a positive experience. We are committed to the promotion of high-quality development in all parts of the county and to an ongoing improvement in the quality of life for our citizens. For questions regarding residential property or permitting issues please contact Denton County Development Services at (940) 349-2990. News & Events Stay informed with the County County News Public Notices County News Ribbon-cutting ceremony marks completion of US 380 Denton County officially marked completion of U.S. 380 at Braswell High School on Monday. Read on for more details MP Materials to Invest $1.25 Billion in Northlake Campus, Creating 1,500 Jobs Denton County is proud to announce that MP Materials will establish a rare earth magnet manufacturing campus in Northlake. The $1.25 billion project is expected to create more than 1,500 corporate, manufacturing, and engineering jobs. Read on for more details Groundbreaking commemorates start of project to widen King Road A groundbreaking ceremony on Wednesday, Feb. 25, 2026, commemorated the beginning of a project to widen King Road from Witt Road to Rose Lane. Read on for more details Denton County Schedules Ground Fogging in Response to Positive WNV Mosquito Trap Denton County Public Health (DCPH) is reporting one positive West Nile Virus (WNV) mosquito trap in unincorporated Denton County. The positive mosquito trap is located in the unincorporated area west of Argyle (northwestern portions of Harvest). Read on... Denton County Schedules Ground Fogging in Response to Positive WNV Mosquito Trap Denton County Public Health (DCPH) is reporting one positive West Nile Virus (WNV) mosquito trap in unincorporated Denton County. The positive mosquito trap is located in the unincorporated area south of Argyle. Read on... Intersection improvements at FM 407 and I-35W expected to relieve congestion issues The Denton County Commissioners Court has been working with the state and county transportation teams to expedite creating right-turn lanes on the west side of FM407 and Interstate 35-West to improve traffic congestion. Read on for details TxDOT Honors Denton County Judge Andy Eads With Prestigious Road Hand Award In a surprise announcement during the Oct. 28, 2025, Denton County Commissioners Court meeting, representatives of the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) presented County Judge Andy Eads with the prestigious Road Hand Award. Read on for more information Denton County loses dedicated emergency services team member With heavy hearts, Denton County announced the recent passing of Denton County Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) Coordinator Brenda Gormley, 70. Read on for more details Denton County in new phase of Fire and EMS Master Plan As a first step of Denton County taking a more proactive role in providing fire and emergency medical services to unincorporated Denton County, Commissioners Court recently approved the purchase of the Ponder Volunteer Fire Station. Read on for more info Denton County hosts fourth round of public meetings for Denton County Outer Loop Project Denton County hosted a series of in-person public meetings to share updates about the Denton County Outer Loop project, including the detailed design schematics for the build alternatives under consideration and preliminary environmental impact findings. Read on for more details Adopted FY 2025-2026 budget lowers county tax rate again Denton County’s Fiscal Year 2025-2026 adopted budget reduces the property tax rate while at the same time allots an estimated $11.12 million for public safety and $5.39 million for judicial and legal divisions. Read on for more details Electronics manufacturer Wistron to invest $687 million in new Denton County facilities Denton County Commissioners recently adopted a resolution approving a tax abatement agreement to support the development two facilities proposed to be built in the county by Wistron InfoComm (USA) Corporation. Read on for more details View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Public Notices 2026 Adopted Budget View the Document Adopted Tax Rate View the Document Vote on Adopted Budget View the Document 2025 Denton County Notice of Tax Rate Read The Notice Denton County 2024 Recovery Plan View the Recovery Plan View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Calendar of Events Keep up to date with the County County Events County Meetings County Events June 2026 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 Sat, Jun. 27 DCPH @ Sanger Tom Thumb The DCPH Women, Infants, & Children (WIC) team will provide on-site enrollment assistance for WI... Tue, Jun. 30 Patrol Rifle Course (Two Day Class) For more information, please contact: Lt. Alatzas – (940) 349-1705 or Ari.Alatzas@dentoncounty.gov ... Tue, Jun. 30 Denton County Commissioners Court Meeting Commissioners Court meetings are open to the public. View All Events /Calendar.aspx County Meetings June 2026 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 Tue, Jun. 30 Denton County Commissioners Court Meeting Commissioners Court meetings are open to the public. View All Events /Calendar.aspx Denton County Courts Watch Commissioners Court Stay Connected Denton County Social Media Facebook Denton County Constable Precinct 6 Denton County 4-H District Attorney Emergency Services Elections Administration Health Department Historical Commission /QuickLinks.aspx INSTAGRAM Denton County Courthouse-on-the-Square Museum /QuickLinks.aspx LinkedIn Denton County /QuickLinks.aspx X Denton County Denton County 4-H Denton County DA Courthouse-on-the-Square Museum Denton County Emergency Notifications Elections Administration Emergency Services Geographic Information Systems (G.I.S.) /QuickLinks.aspx YouTube Denton County, Texas /QuickLinks.aspx 1 Courthouse Drive Denton, TX 76208 Phone Directory Commissioners Court Development Services Economic Development Facilities Public Health Tax Assessor/Collector /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow