Home | sheriff top of page We will make Vilas County a Safer Place to Live and Visit by Developing Strong Community Partnerships. Apply Now 715-479-4441 Dispatch 715-479-0628 Jail Doing Things Right the First Time, While Treating People with Dignity and Respect Wisconsin Law Enforcement Memorial Welcome to the Vilas County Sheriff's Office 330 Court Street Eagle River, WI 54521 Sheriff Gerard Ritter To request a crash report, click the button below which will take you to the Wisconsin Department of Transportation website. Crash Reports Use of Force Policy Online Payment Citizens' Academy If you need to make a payment to the Vilas County Jail, please go to the Corrections page. Operations Corrections Civil Process The operations division consists of Patrol, Investigation, and Communications. The Vilas County Sheriff's Office is a 24 hour law enforcement center that patrols, investigates, and protects all Vilas County residents and it's visitors. ​ Other areas of service include Boat patrol, ATV patrol, Snowmobile patrol, and a School Resource Officer ​ The Vilas County Jail is in charge of maintaining the Care, Custody, and Control of those housed within the facility. Currently, the facility is designed to house about 125 inmates. ​ Inmates have access to a number of different programs and meetings. The programs include HSED, GED, several Bible Study groups serving a wide variety of denominations, Alcoholics Anonymous, Narcotics Anonymous, and several specialty programs. The Vilas County Sheriff's Office is responsible for all civil processes in the county. The processes include civil process papers for any evictions, small claims, court notices, court appearances, foreclosures, and any other civil action that requires verifiable notification of a party involved. The Civil Process Division is also in charge of all Sheriff's sales. ​ ​ ​ MORE MORE MORE Our Partners Spillman Technologies, Inc Wisconsin Crime Alert Network Smart 911 Concealed Carry Law Project Lifesaver Vinelink.com Citizen complaint form bottom of page