Inmate Mail - GCSheriff.org Menu Go to our Accessible Site Go to our Facebook Page Call Us Accessible Website | (843) 546-5102 Accessible Website | (843) 546-5102 Home Enforcement Division Sheriff Carter Weaver Patrol Investigations Protective Services Specialty Units Community Services Support Administrative Detention Center Mission Phone Calls and Commissary Bonding Court List of Bondsmen Visitation Inmate Mail PREA FAQ Booking and Release Community Programs Police Explorer Post #333 HR218 Process Hire An Off Duty Deputy Neighborhood Watch Project Life Saver Coffee with a Cop Meeting Citizens Academy Sheriff's Shop With SANTA National Night Out Ride Along Request a Patrol Watch Active Shooter Training Text A Tip Public Information Complaints and Commendations CALEA Public Comment Portal News Archive Emergency 9-1-1 Public Information Office Sex Offenders Search Incident Reports For Victims Gallery Law Enforcement / Emergency Services Contacts FOIA Employment Employment Opportunities Menu Inmate Mail The Georgetown County Sheriff's Office is using a new scanning system for mail. Effective immediately, all non-legal detainee mail must be sent to the following: The envelope must include the Facility Name, Detainee Name, Detainee ID number, and the Facility ID or the mail will NOT be scanned. The Facility ID for the Georgetown County Detention Center is 5317. The sender is responsible for postage. Mail with insufficient postage will be refused. Mail sent to the Georgetown County Detention Center will be returned to sender after 3/03/2025 Mail and Photo Requirements and Restrictions: NO cash, personal checks, or money orders mailed to the mail processing center. Mail must be 10 pages or less per envelope Page size must be no larger than 8.5” x 11” Mail can include written or typed pages, photos, drawings or greeting cards (NO Polaroid photos) NO glitter, glue, tape, 3D elements, or electronic components (lights, music, animation) NO items containing, depicting, or relating to sexually explicit activity, gang activity, illegal activity, violence, drug, or alcohol use, etc. NO photos of nude or partially clothed persons NO illegal substances or any other items considered to be contraband NO magazines, books, or packages mailed to mail processing center. Any books or packages have to be pre-approved by Jail Admin or will be returned to sender. All must come from Amazon or approved vendor. NO originals of important documents or photos such as Birth Certificates, Driver’s Licenses, Social Security Cards, Green Cards, etc., as they will not be returned Photos sent to a detainee via the Pay Tel Connect application are $0.25 per approved photo charged to the sender, not the detainee. Mail meeting these requirements will be scanned and can be accessed by the detainee via the detainee tablet. Physical mail will be destroyed. All scanned mail containing materials considered illegal or breaches of security will be turned over to the proper authorities for investigation. Any threats of criminal activity will not be permitted in any correspondence and may result in criminal charges. Legal Mail and Privileged Mail Do not mail legal/privileged mail to the mail processing center. Legal mail will be the only item accepted at the facility. Legal mail must be mailed directly to the facility. Legal mail must be marked on the envelope as “Legal Mail” and will be opened in the presence of the detainee. Address legal mail as follows: Georgetown County Detention Center Detainee's Full Name 2394 Browns Ferry Rd. Georgetown, SC 29440 Scanned Mail After Release After release, a detainee can request digital copies of his or her scanned mail. Submit the request to saowens@gtcounty.org The request must include: Georgetown County Detention Center Detainee Name Detainee’s ID Number Email Address of Recipient Once the information is verified, an email with a link to download the postal scans will be sent to the email address provided in the request. The fastest way to communicate with a detainee is by phone or messaging. To set up an account with Pay Tel, visit www.paytelconnect.com or call 1-800-PAY-TELL Georgetown County Sheriff’s Office: 430 North Fraser Street Georgetown, S.C. 29440 (843) 546-5102 Georgetown County Detention Center: 2394 Browns Ferry Road Georgetown, S.C. 29440 (843) 545-3400 Mailing Address: PO BOX 1292 Georgetown, S.C. 29442 © 2026 Georgetown County Sheriff's Office. All Rights Reserved. Search Close