Corrections | Washington County, NY - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Your Government Departments Sheriff Divisions Corrections Corrections The Washington County Correctional Facility, located at 399 Broadway, Fort Edward, NY was opened in 2003 to replace the old jail located in Salem, New York, which was built in the late 1800’s. The Corrections Division of the Sheriff’s Office employs 56 full time officer’s and approximately 20 part time officer’s. The correctional staff are sworn New York State Peace Officers and receive state mandated training and instruction in all phases of corrections. Goal The primary goal of the Washington County Correctional Facility is to provide a safe and secure environment that promotes positive inmate behavior, through fair, impartial, and humane treatment of all individuals incarcerated in the correctional facility, this goal will be realized. New Generation / Direct Supervision Method The correctional facility is designed to manage inmates using the “new generation / direct supervision” concept of the correctional facility management. Through these concepts the correctional facility will structure the environment to promote a positive behavior management system to meet inmate needs. Property Allowed Allowable Items Items must be sent into the facility via a vendor through the mail (i.e. Amazon, Walmart, etc.). Items cannot be dropped off at the facility. Socks (White Only) - 6 Pair T-Shirts (White Only) - 6 Underwear (White Only) - 6 Thermal Underpants (White Only) - 1 Thermal Undershirts (White Only) - 1 Sports Bras (White Only) - 3 Note: All items must be new and in the package when arriving at the facility from the vendor. Reading Materials Books and Magazines can not be dropped off, they must be ordered and shipped directly to the Facility. (ex. Amazon.com, Barnes and Noble) **HARDCOVER BOOKS ARE NOT ALLOWED Warrants Online Forms Municipal Center Building B 383 Broadway Fort Edward, NY 12828 Phone: 518-746-2100 Departments Hours Staff Directory Calendar News /QuickLinks.aspx How can I get a copy of my accident report? How can I obtain a copy of my driving record? Can I get a Sheriff's Office patch? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow