Home | Nolan County Sheriff's Office top of page SHERIFF'S OFFICE NOLAN COUNTY Our Mission The Nolan County Sheriff's Office is dedicated to protecting the lives and property of every individual in the county, while upholding the rights and freedoms enshrined in the Constitution of the United States of America and the Great State of Texas. With the utmost integrity, this office is committed to fairly enforcing all applicable local and state laws, promoting safety for all citizens and fostering trust and collaboration with the community by providing the highest level of professional and ethical law enforcement and detention services. Join Our Team If you're up to the challenge, the Nolan County Sheriff's Office offers exciting employment opportunities Submit a Crime Tip Individuals who provide information significantly contribute to the resolution of crimes. Most Wanted Do not attempt to arrest or detain any of these subjects as some of them may be armed and dangerous. Citizen Connect View arrests, register your property and connect with the Nolan County Sheriff's Office. Message from the Sheriff Welcome to the official web site of the Nolan County Sheriff's Office. I am deeply honored to serve as your 22nd Sheriff, continuing a legacy that dates back more than 140 years, a rich history woven with the dedication and commitment of those who came before me. ​ As your Sheriff, my unwavering commitment is to make public safety my number one priority and ensure that your rights and freedoms are upheld with the utmost integrity, while maintaining a professional standard that fosters trust, transparency and collaboration within our communities where everyone can thrive, feel valued and protected. ​ As we move forward, and navigate the complexities of law enforcement, I pledge to work tirelessly to ensure that our values of integrity, trust, pride and professionalism shine through in all that we do. About Me Core Values Integrity and Trust The Sheriff’s Office prioritizes integrity and equity, demonstrating ethical conduct through respect, candor, and transparency. Pride and Professionalism The Sheriff’s Office aims to set the standard in the profession by prioritizing self-improvement and enhancing services, all centered on delivering the highest level of professional law enforcement and correctional services. Community Service The Sheriff's Office is dedicated to enhancing the quality of life in Nolan County by fostering community partnerships and ensuring mutual accountability in public service. Sheriffs' Association of Texas By joining SAT, you have expressed your dedication to supporting local law enforcement in Texas. Nolan County, Texas The Nolan County, Texas, office directory provides details about elected officials, offices and departments. Texas Commission Jail Standards The TCJS is the only state “regulatory” agency for county and municipal jails in Texas. Texas Commission Law Enforcement TCOLE is the state agency responsible for licensing and regulating all Texas peace officers, county jailers, and telecommunicators. Newsroom Shooting Incident Involving Nolan County Deputies and Sweetwater Officers Results in Suspect's Death Nolan County, Texas — Deputies with the Nolan County Sheriff's Office responded to assist the Sweetwater Police Department with an officer-involved shooting early this morning, June 15, 2026. Responding officers located the suspect, and additional shots were fired. All officers are safe and uninjured. The suspect is deceased. The scene is secure, and there is no ongoing threat to the public. This is an active and ongoing investigation conducted by the Texas Rangers. No furthe Jun 15 1 min read Nolan County Sheriff's Office Announces Tasha Baxter as New Mental Health Counselor The Nolan County Sheriff’s Office is proud to welcome Tasha Baxter to our Mental Health Division. Baxter brings valuable experience in both education and mental health care services. In her role as Mental Health Counselor, she will provide comprehensive mental health resources and support services to the jail population. Her duties will include conducting mental health assessments, offering crisis intervention, providing supportive guidance, and ensuring continued care for in May 26 1 min read Thank You, Nolan County Community Yesterday, Nolan County deputies responded to a major incident on Interstate Twenty at the 239-mile post, involving an overturned tractor trailer hauling horses. As a result of the crash, numerous horses escaped onto the interstate and surrounding properties, creating a dangerous and fast-moving situation for both motorists and the animals involved. Our deputies, alongside our law enforcement partners and local fire crews, worked tirelessly for hours to safely contain and rou May 21 1 min read 1 2 3 4 5 All Posts bottom of page