Newberry County, SC Skip to main content Newberry County South Carolina County Council Sheriff's Office Property Search Online Payment Parks and Recreation Job Openings Upcoming Meetings & Events 01 July Newberry County Council Work Session -- CANCELLED Newberry County Annex Building 5:00 - 6:00pm 01 July Newberry County Council Meeting - CANCELLED Newberry County Annex Building 6:00 - 8:00pm 03 July Independence Day All day 07 July Building, Fire, and Nuisance Codes Board of Appeals Newberry County Annex Building 10:30 - 11:30am 07 July Board Of Zoning Appeals Meeting Newberry County Annex Building 5:30 - 6:30pm 15 July Newberry County Council Work Session Newberry County Annex Building 5:00 - 6:00pm View All Events 0 Founded 0 Population 0 Square Miles Recent Notices June 19, 2026 Newberry County Mulch Facility Closed on Saturday, June 20, 2026 June 15, 2026 Newberry County Safe Streets and Roads Steering Committee to hold Public Engagement Meetings May 5, 2026 FY 2026-27 Newberry County Budget Documents View All Notices Recent Updates Newberry County, SC 20 hours ago Newberry County would like to sincerely thank WoodmenLife Chapter 1054 for generously providing not only American flags, but also a special Commemorative 250th Flag. Representatives from WoodmenLife presented the flags during a ceremony on the Newberry County side of Memorial Park and attended a recent meeting of Newberry County Council to make a special presentation. We appreciate their continued support and commitment to honoring our nation's history and heritage. Read More Newberry County, SC 1 day 18 hours ago The Newberry County Safe Streets and Roads Steering Committee will be hosting a public engagement meeting in Pomaria tomorrow from 4:30-6:30 p.m. at the Pomaria Community Center (138 Folk Street, Pomaria). The purpose of this meeting is to introduce residents to the process for developing a Safety Action Plan that will be committed to eliminating roadway fatalities and serious injuries. There will be three other meetings that will take place around the county at different dates. The Little Mountain meeting will be taking place tonight. To learn more visit, https://www.newberrycounty.gov/safety-action-plan. Read More Newberry County, SC 2 days 18 hours ago The Newberry County Safe Streets and Roads Steering Committee will be hosting a public engagement meeting in Little Mountain tomorrow from 4:30-6:30 p.m. at the Derrick Center (16 Depot Street, Little Mountain). The purpose of this meeting is to introduce residents to the process for developing a Safety Action Plan that will be committed to eliminating roadway fatalities and serious injuries. There will be three other meetings that will take place around the county at future dates. To learn more visit, https://www.newberrycounty.gov/safety-action-plan. Read More Newberry County, SC 3 days 18 hours ago Newberry County Councilman Travis Reeder joined Mayor Foster Senn in presenting the Newberry County and City of Newberry Juneteenth Proclamations during the City of Newberry, SC Government's Juneteenth Festival on Saturday, June 20. Councilman Reeder also had the opportunity to meet with students who were awarded scholarships from the Juneteenth Committee. Several familiar faces from Newberry County Government were also in attendance throughout the festival, as pictured below! Read More Newberry County, SC 6 days 21 hours ago Today, we recognize Juneteenth National Independence Day. Celebrated annually on June 19, Juneteenth commemorates the day in 1865 when news of emancipation reached enslaved African Americans in Texas, marking a significant milestone in our nation's history. During its June 17, 2026, meeting, Newberry County Council approved a proclamation declaring June 19, 2026, as Juneteenth in Newberry County and encouraging residents to recognize the importance of this day and its lasting impact on our nation and community. Newberry County also recognizes and appreciates the dedicated individuals who help organize the annual Newberry Juneteenth Festival, which will take place Saturday, June 20, in downtown Newberry. Pictured (left to right): Newberry County Councilman Travis Reeder, City of Newberry Councilman Carlton Kinard, Newberry County Council Chairman Nick Shealy, City of Newberry Councilwoman Jackie Holmes, and Barbara Chapman following the presentation of the Juneteenth Proclamation. Read More Newberry County, SC 1 week ago Newberry County Council had the pleasure of recognizing Keith Suber of Newberry County Public Works for 20 years of service to the county. County Administrator Ted Luckadoo had this to say about Keith: "Keith came to Newberry County Public Works in June 2006. During his 20 years with the department, he has held various roles, from driver/operator to member of the management team. "Early on, he spent a good bit of time as a driver, hauling various materials and operating most of the county’s equipment. He worked briefly with Solid Waste before moving into the role of sign manager. In that role, he handled all sign production and maintenance for county roads, as well as various state and municipal roads, regarding street name signs and other needs as they arose. "Keith then moved into his first management/supervisory role, serving as one of two crew leaders for the department. In this role, he supervised half of the department’s employees and planned their daily activities accordingly. "After his time as a crew leader, Newberry County created the position of operations manager, with Keith taking on that role. As operations manager, he has been responsible for much of the department’s daily work planning, as well as leading the department during various emergency and inclement weather events. Additionally, he has assisted other departments with support from Public Works as needed and has coordinated with other departments on various projects. "At times, Keith has attended both CTC and Newberry County Council meetings, serving as a representative of Public Works. Keith has worn many hats for the department and attended various training classes over the years, which have provided him with the knowledge and preparation to both serve and lead as needed. "Keith also boasts an excellent attendance record over his 20 years of service, demonstrating that he has been steady and dependable throughout his tenure. Keith has been an asset to the county, and his two decades of service are greatly appreciated." Congratulations Keith and thank you for your service to Newberry County! Read More Previous Next Copyright © 2023-2026 Newberry County, South Carolina Close Search Search County Council County Council Boards & Commissions Accommodations Tax Advisory Board Airport Commission Board of Rescue Squads Board of Rural Fire Control Board of Zoning Appeals Building, Fire, and Nuisance Codes Board of Appeals Central Midlands Council of Government Disabilities & Special Needs Board GLEAMNS Board Joint Planning Commission Library Board Newberry County Memorial Hospital Board Newberry County Water & Sewer Board Piedmont Tech Commission SC Midlands Emergency Medical Services Board Upper Savannah Workforce Development Board Westview Behavioral Health Board Penny Sales Tax Permitted Projects Presentations Resolutions Publications Agendas & Minutes Code of Ordinances (opens in a new tab) Meetings and Events Ordinances Departments Administration Animal Control Adoptions Donations Frequently Asked Questions Rescue Spay - Neuter Project Assessor Attorney Auditor Department Information Forfeited Land Commission Forfeited Land Commission Minutes Tax Levy Information Forms to Assist You Links to Related Agencies Building & Inspection Contractor License Limits Currently Adopted Codes Forms and Fees Mobile Home Information SC Dept of Labor, Licensing and Regulation Frequently Asked Questions Clerk of Court Contact Information Fee Schedule Juror Information Links Divorce Packet for Pro Se Litigants Frequently Asked Questions Coroner General Information Quick Facts and Statistical Data Frequently Asked Questions Delinquent Tax Setoff Debt Collection Tax Sales Economic Development Locate Here Properties Maps Manufacturers International Companies Business Resources Supporting Existing Businesses Live in Newberry County About Newberry County Education Healthcare Housing Things To Do Arts and Culture Dine, Shop, Stay Recreation Data Center Industry Sector Workforce Training Demographics Links News News & Announcements Photo Gallery Development and Growth Contact Us Staff Location Emergency Management CoVid 19 Information and Telehealth Options Links to Related Agencies Emergency Services Fire Safety Tips Forms Central Midlands Local Emergency Planning Committee (LEPC) Newberry County Fire and Rescue Station's Information OPCON Levels Finance Audits Budgets Forms GIS Human Resources Employee Email Employee Intranet Magistrate Links Parks & Recreation Parks & Recreation Programs Camps and Special Events Baseball & Softball Soccer Risk Management Outdoor Recreation Lynch's Woods Park Recreational Resources Planning-Zoning Additional Information Cell Towers Manufactured Home Information Sheet Structure Information Sheet Links Fees Frequently Asked Questions Probate Court Common Terms Contact Information Court Fees Court Locations Estate Administration Functions of Probate Court Guardianships and Conservatorships Involuntary Commitment Links Marriage Licenses Probate Court Forms Public Information Public Works Contact Information Airport Forms Purchasing Rental Information CPST Information Solicitations Recycling Nonprofit Organizations for Vehicle Recycling Sheriff's Office Sheriff Lee Foster Application Compliments, Concerns, And Complaints Crime Map (opens in a new tab) Crime Prevention Business Information and Safety Church Information and Safety Home Information and Safety Divisions Civil Process Community Oriented Police Services (COPS) Court Security Critical Incident Response Team E911 and 911 Addressing Investigations Jail Patrol Public Information School Resource Officers Sex Offender Registration Special Operations Training Victim's Services Division Warrants Identity Theft and Scams Kids Corner And Activity Pages FOIA Requests Newberry County Detention Center Bail Bonds Inmate Deposit Victim Notifications Visitations Inmate Search No Trespass Notice Photo Gallery Property Check Request Public Records Fees and Requests Fees Public Information Responses Request A Speaker Request Off Duty Services Sex Offenders Smart911 Victim's Services Information for Domestic Violence Victims Register For Electronic Victim Notifications Contact Us Communications Mental Health Resources Treasurer Request for Penalty Waiver Form Veterans' Affairs Closest VA Hospitals/Clinics/Vet Centers Links Voter Registration & Elections Board & Meetings Information for Voters Register Information for and about Candidates Maps Poll Workers Online Services Forfeited Land Commission Public Safety Links Education Notices Real Property Search (opens in a new tab) Safety Action Plan Contact Us FOIA Request Newberry County FOIA Sheriff's Office FOIA Request