Corrections Division | St. Johns County Sheriff's Office Skip to content MENU MENU Home About Sheriff Hardwick Line of Duty History Accreditation Annual Reports Commend/Complain Careers Public Information and Media Divisions Organizational Chart Sheriff’s Executive Staff General Services Corrections Inmate Search Inmate Services Add Funds to Inmate Canteen Items Communications Inmate Resources Court Services Patrol Regions Youth Services Operations Traffic Traffic Traffic Enforcement Agreements (TEAP) Criminal Investigations News Podcast – SJSO Unlocked Stories Programs Safety & Crime Prevention Crime Watch SAFE Program Active Shooter SJSO on Neighbors Seniors vs. Crime W.A.V.E. Connect St. Johns Bomb Threat Checklist Golf Cart Safety Internet Safety Community Connection Citizen Law Enforcement Academy C.A.R.E Community Engagement SJSO Special Teams Association Volunteer Application Neighborhood CDD/HOA Partnership Registration SJSO Special Teams Association St. Johns County Sheriff Foundation, Inc. Youth Programs Explorers Teen Driver Challenge PAL SJSO LEVEL UP Teen Academy Ride Along Services Public Records Request Hiring Off-Duty Deputies Emergency Management Victim’s Advocacy Project Lifesaver Homeland Security Alarm Registration Send Tips 911 Addressing Issue? Fingerprint Info K9 Scent Kit Vendor Access Public Safety Application MENU MENU Home About Sheriff Hardwick Line of Duty History Accreditation Annual Reports Commend/Complain Careers Public Information and Media Divisions Organizational Chart Sheriff’s Executive Staff General Services Corrections Inmate Search Inmate Services Add Funds to Inmate Canteen Items Communications Inmate Resources Court Services Patrol Regions Youth Services Operations Traffic Traffic Traffic Enforcement Agreements (TEAP) Criminal Investigations News Podcast – SJSO Unlocked Stories Programs Safety & Crime Prevention Crime Watch SAFE Program Active Shooter SJSO on Neighbors Seniors vs. Crime W.A.V.E. Connect St. Johns Bomb Threat Checklist Golf Cart Safety Internet Safety Community Connection Citizen Law Enforcement Academy C.A.R.E Community Engagement SJSO Special Teams Association Volunteer Application Neighborhood CDD/HOA Partnership Registration SJSO Special Teams Association St. Johns County Sheriff Foundation, Inc. Youth Programs Explorers Teen Driver Challenge PAL SJSO LEVEL UP Teen Academy Ride Along Services Public Records Request Hiring Off-Duty Deputies Emergency Management Victim’s Advocacy Project Lifesaver Homeland Security Alarm Registration Send Tips 911 Addressing Issue? Fingerprint Info K9 Scent Kit Vendor Access Public Safety Application Search Search Search VISITATION AND INMATE COMMUNICATIONS St. Johns County Sheriff’s Office Visitation Rules Visitors must adhere to the following rules during all visits. Violation of any rule may result in suspension or termination of your visitation privilege. All visitors must be fully dressed while conducting visits. Revealing clothing, bathing suits, and clothing that disguises the identity of the visitor are prohibited. All visitors, including children, must be approved. Anyone with a no contact order or injunction against the inmate will not be allowed to visit. Drug use is prohibited. No driving/operating a motor vehicle, or heavy machinery, during a video visit. No screenshots, recording, livestreaming, or rebroadcasting the visit on any platform. No broadcasting of television, music, or web based platforms. No display of any secondary phone, tablet, or computer. Lewd or sexually suggestive behavior will result in termination of visitation privileges During on-site visitation: Personal property must be secured in your vehicle or in a visitor locker No eating or drinking in the visitation center Smoking/vaping inside the building is prohibited Damage to the visitation equipment will result in revocation of privileges or criminal prosecution. Disruptive behavior will result in termination of the visit. 3 Ways to Visit an inmate Remote Video Visitation Family and friends can visit remotely using a computer or smart phone. Visits can be scheduled for 15 or 30 minutes. Visitors must create an account at SmartJailMail and be approved prior to scheduling a visit. Visits on Demand Inmates can initiate video visitation sessions with approved visitors. Remote visits and visits on demand are available 7 days a week 8am-11am, 1pm-4pm, and 7pm-10pm. Both remote and on demand visits cost $.25 per minute. On-Site Video Visitation Family and friends can visit at the Visitation Center. Visits are 30 minutes in duration. Each inmate receives 4 – 30 minute visits each week at no cost. The visitor must have an account and be approved prior to visiting. Visits can be scheduled through the user’s account at SmartJailMail On-Site visitation hours are Monday- Friday 8am-11am and 1pm-4pm. PHONE CALLS Phone services are provided by Smart Communications. Set up an account with SmartJailMail to add funds. Calls cost $0.16 per minute plus tax. INMATE MAIL All non-legal inmate mail must be sent to the following address: Smart Communications/St. Johns County Jail Inmate Name and Inmate ID # PO Box 9102 Seminole, FL 33775-9151 All regular inmate mail will be scanned into the system and available for the inmates to view on the tablets and kiosks. Original mail will be destroyed after 30 days. Do not send original documents such as birth certificates, marriage licenses, social security cards, etc. Upon release, inmates can login to the public website at SmartJailMail enter their inmate number and password to retrieve their photos, messages, and mail for free up to 30 days. Inmate Property To schedule inmate property pickup, please call: 904.209.1430 Monday thru Friday 0800-1630. Please call ( 904.209.1430 ) to confirm that our receptionist has the property release form needed on file before arriving at the jail. INMATE MESSAGING SmartJailMail uses safe and secure two way electronic messaging software designed specifically for communicating with inmates, prisoners, and detainees in correctional institutions. This allows those who are incarcerated or detained to communicate safely and quickly with family and friends outside of the jail, prison or detention center. They can send and receive electronic letters using a safe and secure computer kiosk or tablet stationed in their institution. Each message costs just 50 cents which is cheaper than a postage stamp and envelope. The message can be sent with postage paid and will be free to open and read for the recipient. Or, the message can be sent collect / “COD” for free and will be paid for by the recipient. To send or receive a message you MUST open a SmartInmate.com account, this process is quick and easy, just follow these simple steps… Sign Up Creating an account is fast, simple, and completely free. We will ask you to choose a username and password to identify your account along with some basic contact information. We will send you an e-mail or text message to verify and activate your account. There is no cost to create an account and search for inmates, prisoners, or detainees to connect with. Make Connections Once you have established an account, you may search for inmates, prisoners, or detainees to connect with. Once you have located an individual that you would like to connect with, you can send them a connection request. They will need to approve the request before you can send messages. Purchase Service Credits Once you have established a connection with an inmate, prisoner, or detainee, you can send and receive messages electronically. Service credits may be purchased through the web site using a major credit or debit card. Service credits cost one cent each with a minimum purchase of 500 credits ($5.00). You can purchase as many credits as you like and use them any time. You can also transfer credits to your contacts so they can easily respond to your messages. Start Sending Messages! Once you have purchased message credits, you can send and receive electronic messages. This is just like sending an e-mail, except it is contained within the SmartInmate.com web site. Messages can be delivered instantly or may be held for review depending on the destination facility. Electronic messages are delivered much more quickly than traditional paper mail to the correctional facility so you can stay connected.