San Miguel County NM Skip to main content I want to view in... English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Khmer Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Nepali Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Yoruba Zulu (505) 425-9333 Share this page Share this page × Copy and paste this code into your website. <a href="http://co.sanmiguel.nm.us/departments/sheriffs_office/index.php">Your Link Name</a> Share this page on your favorite Social network Facebook Twitter Reddit Close Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Services Forms All of Village of San Miguel Services Forms All of Village of San Miguel Sheriff's Office Contact Us! Sheriff Chris Lopez 1224 Railroad Ave. Las Vegas, NM 87701 (505) 425-7589 (505) 425-8799 fax Hours of Operation Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Closed 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. County Sheriff San Miguel County Sheriff Sheriff's Office Recruiting Contact Under Sheriff Mike Padilla at: (505) 425-7589 San Miguel County Sheriff's Office San Miguel County Detention Center Detainee Lookup Mission Statement It will be the mission of the San Miguel County Sheriff's Department to enforce the laws of the State of New Mexico and to detain and transport all San Miguel County prisoners to and from their court ordered destinations. We strongly adhere to the Constitution of the United States and maintain a high standard of public respect and trust. Duties The Sheriff shall be conservator of the peace within his county; shall suppress assaults and batteries, and apprehend and committ to jail, all felons and traitors, and cause all offenders to keep the peace and to appear at the next term of the court and answer such charges as may be preferred against them. Agency Links NM Sex Offenders US Immigration & Custom Enforcement Close Read More