WELCOME | lamarcountysheriff top of page LAMAR COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE Brad White, Sheriff TRUST - PROTECT - PARTNERSHIP ORGANIZATION WELCOME to the Lamar County Sheriff's Office We pledge to provide the highest level of law enforcement services through partnership with the community; to preserve the peace, and protect the lives, persons, property, health and morals of the people. How may we serve you? Uniform Division The Uniform Patrol Division is commanded by Captain Shane Moore and Captain Michael Newman. As Commanders they are responsible for the efficient operation of the Patrol Division. Additional uniform divisions include Warrants/Civil, Court Services, and the School Resource Officers. Criminal Investigations Commanded by Captain Jake Sutton, the Criminal Investigation Division is responsible for the investigative follow up on all incident reports generated by the Uniform Patrol Division to ensure that every report written receives the proper case closure. Jail Operations As Jail Administrator, Captain Melton is responsible for daily Jail Operations, including Inmate intake, housing, booking, centralized jail control, food services, medical service supervision and jail personnel management. Communications E-911 The Lamar County 911 center receives and dispatches calls for police, sheriff, fire and EMS. It is staffed by state-certified Dispatchers who are trained to answer and process 911 emergency telephone calls and dispatch public safety first responders using state-of-the-art communications equipment. ​ Administrative Services The Administrative Services Division, is tasked with providing a broad array of essential support functions that contribute to the daily operations within the Sheriff's Office. ​ Honor Guard The Honor Guard is the ceremonial unit of the Lamar County Sheriff's Office. The Honor Guard is comprised of Officers from all divisions of the Sheriff's Office and participates in funeral services, parades and other community events. CONTACT CONTACT US Inquiries For any inquiries, questions or commendations, please call: 770-358-5159 or fill out the following form: Success! Message received. Send Lamar County Sheriff's Office Brad White, Sheriff 121 Roberta Drive Barnesville, GA 30204 general@lamarcountysheriff.com Tel: 770-358-5159 Fax: 770-358-5195 bottom of page