Utah County Sheriff's Office Inmate Services Utah County Sheriff's Office Corrections Division Inmate Services Click on the items below to learn more about the Inmate Services offered. Personal Mail Effective September 25, 2023, all personal mail received at the Utah County Jail will be digitally scanned and delivered to inmates electronically. Inmates will be able to view their mail through their tablet or one of the kiosks available in their housing unit. Original paper copies of letters, cards, and pictures will be placed on the inmate’s property and returned to them upon their release. All mail must be addressed in the following manner: First & Last Name Booking Number Utah County Jail 3075 N Main St Spanish Fork, Ut 84660 A return name and address must also be placed on the envelope. Failure to properly address the envelope will result in the mail being returned to the sender. We will continue to accept and deliver legal mail and new soft cover books sent directly from the publisher or a bookstore. Commissary Commissary will be provided to allow inmates to purchase writing materials, stamped envelopes, personal items and small food items not provided by the facility. Commissary items may vary based upon housing unit restrictions and classifications.* Related Links: www.jailatm.com - allows you to pick approved items for purchase and delivery to inmates.You may also deposit money to an inmate's commissary account so they may make food purchases for themselves.* www.securustech.net - Securus Technologies is the inmate phone and visitation service provider serving Utah County. Please visit our website to set up your phone account, and fund your incarcerated loved ones debit account. Using our website is the quickest and easiest way to manage your account. Please visit www.securustech.net to schedule a video visit with your loved ones. *Please Note: By Utah County Jail policy, an inmate may not order commissary items if he/she owes unpaid jail fees. All or part of any money deposited into an inmate account will be applied to outstanding jail fees until their debt is paid in full and before the inmate may order commissary items. This does not apply to accounts that have been sent to collections. However, despite an inmate's debt, you may order basic hygiene items and stationary directly from the jail commissary provider at 866-394-0490 or www.jailatm.com . The Securus website and kiosk CAN NOT be used to make deposits to commissary accounts. Inmate Telephone Access Utah County Jail inmates will have reasonable and equitable access to telephones to maintain contact with the courts, legal representatives, families and friends. Prepaid Telephone Accounts: To accept calls from an inmate, we recommend you create a prepaid telephone account. Prepaid calling works by placing money on your phone number so that when your inmate calls you the funds are deducted from the balance on your prepaid account. In addition, you may fund your incarcerated loved ones debit account. The Debit account allows the incarcerated individual to pa for the call out of the debit funds and call any number they are authorize to call. Please visit www.securustech.net . To set up or fund a prepaid account, you have three options: Web - visit www.securustech.net to create a prepaid telephone account, add funds to prepaid telephone accounts, add funds to a debit account, view balances, schedule visitation and more. Phone - 1-800-844-6591 to create or add funds to a prepaid telephone and debit account. USPS Contact Phone Charges (As of 03/03/2021) Mail - Payments Securus Correctional Billing Services PO Box 650757 Dallas, TX 75265-0757 All Calls: Flat rate of 21 cents per minute. Correspondence: Securus Correctional Billing Services PO Box 1109 Addison, TX 75001 Personal Visitation The Utah County Jail will conduct scheduled visitation to allow inmates to visit with family and friends. All personal visits will be done through video. The frequency and length of visits will be regulated to provide for the order and security of the facility. Read our Jail Visitation FAQ for more information. Access to Courts and Counsel The Utah County Jail administration and staff uphold the right of all inmates to have access to attorneys, courts, and their authorized representatives. Religious Access and Services Religious services and programs representative of the major faiths and religious groups within the community will be given the opportunity to provide services within the Jail. Inmates will be allowed regulated access to clergy, religious services, and religious reading materials based upon acceptable behavior and classification. Inmate Reading Material Reading material will be available to all inmates including those in special management units unless restricted for the safety and security of staff and inmates. Reading materials are provided for inmate recreation and information and will include educational, reference, religious and leisure reading material. New, soft cover books, may be received by inmates if sent directly from a publisher, bookclub, or book vendor (including internet vendors). Inmates may retain no more than 6 (six) books in their cells at any given time. Physical Activity for Inmates Inmates should be given the opportunity to exercise daily. Passive Leisure Activities Leisure activities will be provided to inmates to reduce inmate idle time and help ensure order and discipline within the Jail. Such activities may include, but are not limited to, reading materials, cards, board games, television and radio. Hair Care Hair care services will be made available to all inmates to enable them to maintain acceptable grooming standards and appearance. Inmate Marriage The Utah County Jail discourages inmates from attempting to marry while incarcerated except where there may be special circumstances. The Jail does not allow marriages between two inmates under any circumstances for safety and security reasons. Working Inmates As many inmates as possible will be given the opportunity to work based upon their classification and the needs of the facility. Qualified inmates will be assigned to meaningful work assignments consistent with their ability, interest, medical status, and the needs of the facility. On-Unit Treatment (OUT Program) An on-unit substance abuse treatment program will be implemented within the jail to provide intensive treatment to inmates. Adult Education Program Adult education classes will be offered to inmates to provide them with the opportunity to improve their educational level during incarceration. Educational programs are voluntary, however, inmates are strongly encouraged to participate. Tweets by UCSO Follow Us on Twitter Contact Information Main Office County Security Center 3075 North Main Spanish Fork, UT 84660 801-851-4000 801-851-4009 (Fax) Judicial Support Bureau Utah County Health and Justice Building 151 South University Ave. Suite 3110 Provo, UT 84601 801-851-4040 801-851-4039 (Fax) Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM MON - FRI, excluding holidays County Jail County Security Center 3075 North Main Spanish Fork, UT 84660 801-851-4302 801-851-4219 (Fax) Follow Us on Twitter Copyrights © All Rights Reserved by Utah County Sheriff's Office Terms of Use / Privacy Policy Utah County Sheriff's Office · 801-851-4000