Corrections | Cass County, ND Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Contact Us Sign Me Up! I WANT TO... Close FIND A SERVICE HOW DO I… Category 1 Select Apply For Find Pay For Request REQUEST… Find A Birth Certificate A Career A Copy of Military Discharge A Death Certificate A Foster Care License A License or Permit A Marriage License An Autopsy Report Bail Boards & Committees Certified Copy of Marriage License County eNotifications County Maps Election Info Emergency Notifications Inmate in Jail Park & Campground Info Property Tax Info Property Taxes Recorder Fees Taxes In Person Taxes Online APPLIANCE PICK UP LEARN MORE Learn More about Jail Administrator Captain Andrew Frobig Location Cass County Jail 450 34th St. S., Fargo, ND 58103 Phone: (701) 271-2900 Fax: (701) 271-2967 Office Hours: Staffed 24 hours Portfolio Commissioner Tim Flakoll INMATE INFORMATION: Paying Bail Current Inmate List Inmate Mail Inmate Messaging Inmate Visitation Inmate Deposit Phone Services We See a Star in Your Future! Apply Today ! APPLY TODAY Career Opportunities SHERIFF'S OFFICE Home Page Cass County Jail Mission Statement Cass County Jail Mission Statem ent It is the mission of the Cass County Jail to provide a safe and secure confinement for lawfully committed inmates or detainees in compliance with standards set forth by the North Dakota Century Code and the North Dakota Administrative Jail Rules. The primary goal of the jail is to provide the safety of Cass County citizens by detaining lawfully committed inmates in the most efficient and cost-effective manner as possible. The jail will be managed in a manner that will foster a positive atmosphere between the staff and inmate population with the expectation that mutual respect will be displayed at all times. This will be accomplished by employing well-trained and motivated staff, maintaining a safe and secure physical plant and providing inmate programs that will offer them an opportunity to help prepare themselves for eventual reintegration into their communities. Inmates will be held accountable for their actions. Incentive for good behavior is provided through a classification system that will reward positive behavior. We will strive toward the goal that inmates will leave this facility in the same or better condition as when they arrived. Juvenile Detention The Cass County Sheriff's Office contracts with the West Central Regional Juvenile Center in Moorhead, MN for juvenile detention services. West Central Regional Juvenile Center (WCRJC) 919 8th Ave. N. Moorhead, MN 56561 Phone: 218-299-5150 Fax: 218-299-7533 PREA Information The Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (PREA) was signed into law by President George W. Bush on September 4, 2003. After nationwide data collection conducted by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, final rules for facilities governed by PREA became effective on August 20, 2012. The Cass County Sheriff’s Office is committed to PREA compliance and makes every effort to provide a sexually safe environment for everyone committed to our custody. The Cass County Sheriff’s office maintains a zero tolerance policy toward all forms of sexual abuse and sexual harassment of inmates in our correctional facilities. Employees, Volunteers, Contractors and inmates will all be held accountable to established PREA Standards and all are provided with training and information regarding their rights and responsibilities under this law. The Cass County Sheriff’s Office will accept third party reports of sexual abuse and sexual harassment on behalf of inmates within our facilities. The PREA Coordinator is Lt. Chad Violet and can be contacted via email at prea@casscountynd.gov or by calling (701) 271-2966. Every reported incident of sexual harassment or sexual abuse will be investigated and documented by a qualified investigator. Cass County Sheriff's Office PREA Policy 2025 PREA Annual Report 2024 PREA Annual Report 2023 PREA Annual Report 2022 PREA Annual Report 2021 PREA Annual Report 2020 PREA Annual Report 2019 PREA Annual Report 2018 PREA Annual Report 2023 PREA Audit 2019 PREA Audit 2016 PREA Audit 24/7 Sobriety Program 24/7 Site Location Cass County Jail 450 34th St. S. Fargo, ND 24/7 Contact Number 701-271-2900 More Information About the Program Guidelines Victim Notification The Statewide automated victim information and notification (SAVIN) allows crime victims to obtain timely and reliable information about criminal cases and custody status of offenders 24 hours a day. Victims and other concerned citizens can also register to be notified by phone, email, text message (SMS) or TTY device when an offender's custody status changes. For more information or to register, go to www.vinelink.com View Full Site