Sheriff's Office | Garfield County, WA Skip to main content Image Image Search Departments & Committees Type Event Date Toggle Menu Sheriff's Office Garfield County Sheriff Drew Hyer is the 22nd sheriff of Garfield County. Drew was appointed sheriff May 1, 2017 and ran in the general election the following November. Sheriff Hyer was sworn in as an elected official on December 1, 2017. Mission Statement The mission of the Garfield County Sheriff's Office is to protect and assist the people of Garfield County. Our dedicated law enforcement staff will maintain excellence in this endeavor and will continually improve our knowledge, skills, and abilities through personal development and training. Vision Statement Our community will recognize the Garfield County Sheriff’s Office as a progressive leader and trusted community partner working to make Garfield County a safe, secure and productive place for people to live. We will have a solid reputation for respecting individual rights while aggressively pursuing criminals and enforcing the law. We will be acknowledged for our commitment to making Garfield County a better place to live and an uncomfortable place for people who break the law. Life Jacket Program The Sheriff’s Office has a life jacket lending program through Spokane Regional Health District that allows the lending of life jackets for a day or weekend. There is a wide range of sizes available from infant to 2X adult. These life jackets are inspected for safety and serviceability on a regular basis and replaced on an as-needed basis through the Health District. Be sure to take advantage of this free service the next time the grandchildren pop in for a fun day at the river boating, swimming, and water skiing. Drop by the Sheriff’s Office and check out your life jacket for water safety. You Have Options Program AlertSense View PDF of Page Sheriff's Office Contact Information Phone Number (509) 843-3494 Fax Number (509) 843-1347 Address 789 Main St | PO Box 338 Pomeroy , WA 99347 789 W. Main St.| Pomeroy, WA 99347 Government Websites by CivicPlus®