Franklin County, NC | Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Pay My Bill Bid Opportunities Records Search News & Updates Stay up to date with the latest Franklin County Water: A Generational Challenge Learn about Franklin County's multi-year efforts to secure water resources for residents and industry. Read on... Food Lion Feeds Charitable Foundation Awards Grant to Care and Share Center Care and Share Center, Inc has received $3,400.00 from the Food Lion Feeds Charitable Foundation to help nourish neighbors experiencing hunger. Read on... Emergency Management Director Receives Executive Emergency Manager Certification Franklin County Emergency Management Department is proud to announce that Director Nicholas Thorpe has earned his Executive Emergency Manager credential through the North Carolina Emergency Management Association. Read on... Precinct Officials Recruitment Drive Read on... DSS & Happy Camper Recognize Contributors Franklin County DSS and Happy Camper presented certificates to the program's donors. Read on... PODCAST: Small Business Spotlight with Kathryn Brannock. AVAILABLE NOW: Small Business Spotlight with Kathryn Brannock. Hosts James Hicks and Alyssa Blair Zimmerman talk with Kathryn Brannock, a local small business owner, about running a small business in Franklin County. Read on... PODCAST: On Scene with Emergency Management #2 What Does It Take to Plan an Event? Read on... Governer's Volunteer Service Award Winners Franklin County Cooperative Extension Director Charles Mitchell announced the 2026 Governor's Volunteer Service Award winners at the May 4, 2026, Board of Commissioners meeting. Read on... PODCAST: Unified Development Ordinance (UDO) and Growth with Colton Young AVAILABLE NOW: Unified Development Ordinance (UDO) and Growth with Colton Young. Hosts James Hicks and Alyssa Blair Zimmerman talk with Colton Young, Assistant Director of Planning & Inspections, about the UDO and growth in Franklin County. Read on... County Manager Ryan Preble Presents FY27 Budget Franklin County Manager Ryan Preble presented the FY27 Recommended Budget to the Board of Commissioners on Monday, May 4, 2026. Read on... PODCAST: On Scene with Emergency Management #1 What Happens When Weather Creates An Emergency? Read on... The Library - The Fine Print (Episode 1) "The Fine Print" is a humorous take on the library no longer charging overdue fines. It also takes a hilarious look at interactions with IT and Parks & Recreation. Read on... Sign Up for Emergency Alerts Sign up for Franklin County's emergency alerts to receive important community and weather alerts. Read on... View All /CivicAlerts.aspx Upcoming Events Mark your Calendar June 2026 S M T W T F S 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 There are no published events in current month. View All Events /Calendar.aspx Laurel Mill Triangle North Executive Airport 440 Airport Road, Louisburg, NC Welcome to Franklin County A Research Triangle Region Community 1 Laurel Mill 2 MAX 3 Mitchell Farms Popular Links Quickly find what you need America 250 Learn More Sheriff's Office Learn More Library Learn More County of Franklin North Carolina 113 Market Street Louisburg, NC 27549 Agendas & Minutes Budgets Media Contact Career Opportunities Bid Opportunities Holiday Schedules /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Employee Intranet /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow