Turner County South Dakota Sheriff Home Departments Auditor Clerk of Courts Equalization Emergency Mgmt Extension Office Highway Department Inter-Lakes CAP Planning/Zoning Register of Deeds Sheriff Social Services State's Attorney Treasurer Veterans Services Weed And Pest Commission Contact Us About Us Home Departments Auditor Clerk of Courts Equalization Emergency Mgmt Extension Office Highway Department Inter-Lakes CAP Planning/Zoning Register of Deeds Sheriff Social Services State's Attorney Treasurer Veterans Services Weed And Pest Commission Contact Us About Us menu close Turner County, South Dakota close close Home Departments Auditor Clerk of Courts Equalization Emergency Mgmt Extension Office Highway Department Inter-Lakes CAP Planning/Zoning Register of Deeds Sheriff Social Services State's Attorney Treasurer Veterans Services Weed And Pest Commission Contact Us About Us For an Emergency, Call 911 Office: 605-297-3225 (M-F 8a-5p) Dispatch: 605-764- 2664 (24/7 Non-Emergency) The Turner County Sheriff's Office has been protecting and serving the communities of Centerville, Davis, Dolton, Chancellor, Hurley, Irene, Marion, Monroe, Parker, and Viborg. The Turner County Sheriff's Office is your Office. Without your help and input, we cannot successfully complete our goals and values. We strive to work for you and your family, so please feel free to contact me or any of the Sheriff's Office members with you comments or concerns. Responsibilities 24/7 Sobriety Program Civil Process Pistol Permits ​ALICE Training Serving & Executing Court Issued Documents Serve & Protect Life and Property Find us on Facebook or Email our Office! Office Hours: Location: M-F 8-5 24 Hour Coverage for Patrol Deputies 100 S. Main St. Parker, SD Dan Glover ​ Turner County Sheriff 100 S Main, Box 580 ​Parker SD 57053 Phone: 605-297-3225 ​ ​ ReportIt An online system for tracking your valuables for worst case scenarios. ​Best of all, ITS COMPLETELY FREE! Click the banner above to get started. 24/7 Sobriety Program If you have a been ordered to participate in the 24/7 program, contact our office as soon as possible to arrange a time to get signed up on the program. Civil Process Division If you have a civil document needing service, you can mail the documents to: P.O Box 580, Parker SD 57053. ​Email all civil documents to ​ [email protected] Click here to email the civil division Apply Now! Join our Team! Apply Now! Contact Us * Indicates required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Submit Turner County Sheriff's Office Turner County Courthouse 100 S Main Ave P.O. Box 580 Parker, SD 57053 Turner County Courthouse Office Hours 8:00 am – 5:00 pm (Individual Office Hours May Differ) Monday - Friday (Excluding Holidays) Helpful Links Turner County Fair Children's Home Shelter for Family Safety South Dakota Suicide Prevention Line South Dakota Driver's Licensing