Sheriff Skip to main content Skip to header right navigation Skip to site footer Sheriff Contact Information Office – (406) 874-3320 Sheriff’s Office Fax – (406) 874-3444 Detention – (406) 874-3301 Detention Fax – (406) 874-3506 EMAIL OUR OFFICE Address – 1010 Main Street Miles City, MT 59301 Sheriff’s Office Staff Sheriff – Brandon Kelm Undersheriff – Marvin Reddick Administrative Assistant – Eileen Reddick Detective – Casey Prell Deputy Nicole Witcher Deputy John Larson Deputy Stefan Wittman Deputy Kye Stanley Detention Staff Detention Corporal Mathew Boyle Detention Officer Greg Huber Detention Officer William Raymond Detention Officer Mathew Boyle Detention Officer Tanner Treu Detention Officer Charleen Schliep Detention Officer Max Hilderbrand Detention Officer Chad Penn Detention Officer Ty Bumgardner View Current Inmate Roster > Montana Sexual or Violent Offender Registry The Montana Sexual or Violent Offender Registry was created by the Montana Department of Justice in 1989. The SVOR is a valuable resource for Montanans to protect their families against sexual or violent offenders. Search the Offender Registry > The SVOR is administrated by the Sexual or Violent Offender Registration Unit with the Division of Criminal Investigation. Mission Statement It is the mission of the Custer County Sheriff’s Office to provide professional, high quality and effective law enforcement, correctional and court security services in partnership with the community. We, the members of the Custer County Sheriff’s Office, believe that our work has a vital impact on the quality of life in our community. The Custer County Sheriff’s Office is staffed by the Sheriff, an Undersheriff, five Deputies (one of these Deputies serves as an agent for the Eastern Montana Drug Task Force), one Administrative Assistant and nine full time Detention Officers. In addition to the full-time staff, there are twenty Reserve Deputies. The Reserve Deputies consist of several community members who dedicate and volunteer their time for their community by serving with the Sheriff’s Office. Concealed Permits Concealed permit applications can be obtained at the Custer County Sheriff’s Office. After completing the application, the applicant needs to make an appointment to complete the process. The cost for a permit is $50 for a new application and $25 for a renewal. Access the CWP application page. Ordinances Dog Control Ordinance Community Decay Ordinance Civil Enforcement The Custer County Sheriff’s Office has a Civil Enforcement Division that serves papers involved in any civil proceeding and some criminal actions. This includes summons and complaints, subpoenas, writs of executions, child support, foreclosures, and many others. Fees $75 for each party needing served. All fees must accompany papers before service. Checks are accepted. Contact: (406) 874-3320. Detention Center The Custer County Detention Center is located at 1010 Main St in Miles City, MT – Behind the Courthouse. The Custer County Detention Center will not accept personal items for any inmate. Money (cash or debit/credit card) can be deposited directly using the kiosk in the main lobby for the inmate’s commissary account while they are in this facility. Money can also be deposited online by going to JAILATM.com *You will need to create an account. After your account is created select > Montana, Custer County Sheriff. From there you can select the inmate and add money ($300.00 weekly limit). You can PAY BAIL at GOVPAYNET.com – When you make a Bail Payment you will need to know the inmate’s agency number and bond amount. Visitation Text, Voice & Video Call Options: Friends and family can use our NEW Detention Center telephone-text-video call system, Reliance Telephone. Visit the Reliance website. Search for the inmate and fund their wallet. Payments made into an Inmate Wallet account are linked to a dedicated telephone number for inmates who use one of our Reliance Tablet Phones in a protective enclosure. Inmate Wallet funds can be used for: Personal Inmate Text Messaging, Voice and Video Calls. Go to the Reliance website now >> Serving Time Persons ordered to serve jail time by the city or justice court can report at 9 am, 12pm, and 6pm only. Intoxicated persons will be refused. Bring any valid prescription medication with you. Call ahead with any questions at (406) 874-3301. Release Times Inmates are released at 8am, 11am, 3pm, and 9pm daily only. When Is Court? Generally the Detention Center does not receive advance notice of court dates. Inmates are transported as a judge requests them. To find out when an inmate has a court appearance, please call the following offices: For City of Miles City court 234-5939, for Justice Court 874-3408, for District Court contact the County Attorney’s office at 874-3310. Fingerprints Please call the Detention Center at 406-874-3301 for fingerprint appointments. Employment fingerprints for the public are Tues, Thurs and Sat from 1:30 pm – 4:30 pm. Criminal fingerprints are Wednesdays from 9:00 am -7:00 pm. Appointments are preferred as it reduces wait times. The fee for this service is $20 and that covers data entry, fingerprints and 2 cards, each additional card is $5. Please bring cash as we do not accept checks or cards. Prisoner Transport Please contact Undersheriff Marvin Reddick by phone (406) 874-3320 or by fax at (406) 874-3506. Forms Download the Public Safety Officer Job Application – Used to apply for a position of Public Safety Officer in the State of Montana. Sidebar Since February 16, 1877 Search this website Submit search All County Departments Cemetery Clerk Recorder Commissioners Council On Aging County Attorney Disaster & Emergency Services District Court Election Administration Environmental Health Extension Office Fairgrounds Fire Floodplain Development Geographic Information System (GIS) Justice Court Land Use Mosquito Control Public Health Road & Bridge Schools Sheriff Solid Waste District Landfill Treasurer Weed Management Resources Careers Commissioners Agendas Contact Directory County Boards County Facts County Newsletter Custer County Transit Eastern Montana Fair Event Center Land Use Newsletter Sign Up Resources News & Announcements Useful Links Recent Posts June 2026 Coal Seam Fire Mitigation Real Estate Taxes Due May 2026 Miles City Downtown Art Festival NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING Tuesday, June 2, 2026