Elko County Jail in Nevada Information for Family and Friends of Inmates in Nevada | Las Vegas Defense Group Skip to content Call or Message Us 24/7 702-333-3673 Client reviews Nevada Jails » Elko County Jail in Nevada Information for Family and Friends of Inmates in Nevada Elko County Jail in Nevada Information for Family and Friends of Inmates in Nevada People arrested in Elko, Nevada are booked at the Elko County Jail . It is a medium-sized facility and equipped to hold 120 people in custody. Those in custody at Elko Jail have typically been charged with DUI , shoplifting or battery domestic violence . This page provides details about the Elko County Detention Center , including: 1. Where is the Elko County Jail? 2. How can I search for an inmate? 3. Where do I post bail? 4. When can I visit? 5. How do inmate phone calls work? 6. Where do I send mail? 7. How do I put money on the books? 8. How do inmates release property to me? 1. Where is the Elko County Jail? The Elko County Jail is located next to the Elko Juvenile Detention Facility at 775 West Silver Street, Elko, NV 89801 . It is about a mile and a half drive from the Elko Justice Courthouse . People can reach the Elko Jail by phone at (775) 777-2530 . The jail’s fax number is (775) 777-2546. 2. How can I search for an inmate? The Elko Detention Facility does not provide inmate information online. People who suspect that a friend or loved one may be incarcerated there should call the jail at (775) 777-2530 . 3. Where do I post bail? Inmates may be bailed out twenty-four hours a day. Friends and family can post bail by cash at the jail at 775 West Silver Street, Elko, NV 89801. Otherwise, Elko County Jail accepts payment by bail bondsmen . Learn more about the Nevada bail process . And see our article on how to bail out an inmate at the Elko Jail . 4. When can I visit? Schedule a video visit using the app ICSolutions . To schedule an on-site visit, call the jail at (775) 777-2530 . 5. How do inmate phone calls work? People in custody at Elko Jail may not receive incoming phone calls. However, they are given opportunities throughout the week to place outgoing collect calls. 6. Where do I send mail? People may send letters to persons in custody at Elko County Jail a: Elko County Detention Center c/o Inmate name and number P.O. Box 2028 Elko, NV 89803 Note that all mail is subject to search , and the jail reserves the right to intercept items. People can send electronic messages to inmates using the website smartdeposit.com. 7. How do I put money on the books? There are three ways to put money on an inmate’s books at Elko County Jail : In person : People may show up at the jail at 775 West Silver Street, Elko, NV 89801 and pay by cash. U.S. Mail : People may send a money order of up to $150 made payable to the Elko County Jail with the inmate’s name on the memo line. The jail address is Elko County Jail, 775 West Silver Street, Elko, NV 89801. Online : People may transfer funds through the website smartdeposit.com. Inmates at Elko County Jail typically use their inmate accounts to buy toiletries, snacks and other items from the jail commissary . 8. How do inmates release property to me? People booked at Elko Jail may release their wallets, keys or other property they are carrying to an outside person. The recipient of the property must go to the jail at 775 West Silver Street, Elko, NV 89801, produce a photo ID, and fill out release paperwork. Arrested in Elko? There is help… Call our law firm for legal advice. If you or a loved one has been arrested in Elko or elsewhere in the state, call our Nevada Criminal Defense Attorneys . We will help you navigate the Nevada bail process and fight for the most favorable resolution possible for your case. We represent clients throughout Nevada, including Las Vegas, Henderson, Clark County, Washoe County, Reno, Carson City, Laughlin, Mesquite, Bunkerville, Moapa, Elko, Pahrump, Searchlight and Tonopah. Go to our article on Elko NV Criminal Defense . Search Search Get Quick Legal Help... This form is encrypted and protected by attorney-client confidentiality. Name * Phone * Email * City where case is located * Tell us what happened Please attach any citations, booking sheets, police reports or other relevant documents. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. By checking the box, you are expressly consenting to receive SMS communication from Las Vegas Defense Group. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. To opt-out, reply STOP. For help, reply HELP. 42.3K Subscribers | 1.3K Videos Featured On × GET QUICK LEGAL HELP... This form is encrypted and protected by attorney-client confidentiality. Name * Phone * Email * City where case is located * Tell us what happened Please attach any citations, booking sheets, police reports or other relevant documents. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. By checking the box, you are expressly consenting to receive SMS communication from Las Vegas Defense Group. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. To opt-out, reply STOP. For help, reply HELP.