Forest County Sheriff's Department The Forest County Sheriff's Office is now a part of the Wisconsin VINE System click on the VINE Link at the bottom of the page for more information. Home Contact Us About Us Menu Mission Statement Department Staff Jail Division Warrant List Sheriffs Sales Concealed Carry Law Employment Inmate List Employment Application voluntary statement Lost and Found Employee Web Mail Open Records Request Open Records Fees Informational Links Minutes - Sheriff and Justice Meetings Message Board, Announcements, Press Release The Forest County Sheriff's Office is currently accepting applications for Full and Part-time Corrections Officers. No experience necessary, we offer on the job training. Please click on Employment link for more information. For information on Fentanyl or Information on Protecting your Children from On-line Drug Dealers please click on the link below. Parents-Guide-to-Fentanyl/ Protecting Children from Online Drug Dealers/ In July 2010, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) launched a national If You See Something, Say Something public awareness campaign a simple and effective program to raise public awareness of indicators of terrorism and violent crime, and to emphasize the importance of reporting suspicious activity to the proper state and local law enforcement authorities. To augment the national, If You See Something, Say Something campaign in Wisconsin, the Wisconsin Fusion Centers have instituted WiWatch to provide a portal to educate the public and provide a means to report suspicious activity. A critical element of the missions of the Wisconsin Fusion Centers is ensuring that the civil rights and civil liberties of persons are not diminished by our security efforts, activities, and programs. Consequently, the WiWATCH campaign respects civil rights and liberties by emphasizing behavior, rather than appearance, in identifying suspicious activity. Traffic Education Class Beginning Jan. 7th, 2014 Traffic Offenders will have the option of enrolling in the Sheriff's Office Traffic Education Program when receiving citations for minor traffic offenses. What this means to you is, if a Deputy issues you a citation and you have not had any traffic convictions with in the past 12 months, you can be eligible to take the class. If you successfully pass the class, your citation will be dismissed. 911 Hang up Calls Each year Forest County Sheriffs Deputies respond to hundreds of 911 Hang Up calls. A good majority of those 911 Hang Up calls are "Pocket Dials" or involve a small child playing with the phone. Any 911 call that comes through the Forest County Dispatch Center, that hangs up, or even accidentally dials, we send an officer out to meet with that person. If you dialed 9-1-1 in error, please do not hang up the telephone. Instead, stay on the line and explain to the dispatcher that you dialed 911 by mistake and that you do not have an emergency. The Dispatcher will still send an Officer to meet with you however, we will have a better understanding in knowing that a true emergency does not exist. Law Change Deer Car-Kill Permits Wis. Stat. s. 29.349 now allows for possession and removal of a deer carcass from the scene of an accident once an individual notifies DNR by calling 608-267-7691 and provides their name, address, and the carcass location. This notification must be completed BEFORE taking possession or removing the carcass from the scene. Car killed Deer are no longer required to be tagged by a law enforcement officer, meaning the use of DNR-issued or TraCS generated car-kill deer tags can be discontinued. The law requires drivers to shift lanes or slow down in order to provide a "safety zone" for a squad car, ambulance, fire truck, tow truck, utility vehicle, or highway maintenance vehicle that is stopped on the side of a road with its warning lights flashing. Prescription Drug Drop Box For your convenience, you may now drop off your un-used prescriptions or Over-the-Counter medications at the Lobby of the Sheriffs Office. Please deposit the un-used prescriptions in the white Drug Drop Box. There is no fee. Items Not Allowed Liquids, Creams, Syringes, Lotions, Chemo Therapy Drugs, Aerosols & Inhalers, Needles, Mercury Thermometers. Phone Scams Every year, thousands of people lose money to telephone scams — from a few dollars to their life savings. Scammers will say anything to cheat people out of money. Some seem very friendly — calling you by your first name, making small talk, and asking about your family. They may claim to work for a company you trust, or they may send mail or place ads to convince you to call them. If you get a call from someone you don’t know who is trying to sell you something you hadn’t planned to buy, say "No thanks." And, if they pressure you about giving up personal information — like your credit card or Social Security number — it’s likely a scam. Discontinue the call and report it to your local authorities. K-9 Donations If you would like to make a donation to the Forest County Sheriff's Office K-9 program, you can do so by clicking the "DONATE" button below. Donations are greatly appreciated and the funds go directly towards the K-9 program. @2012 Forest County Sheriff's Office. Disclaimer