ADC Inmate Mail and Money - Arkansas Department of Corrections Skip to Content | Skip to Navigation | Skip to Sub Navigation Skip to content Secretary Lindsay Wallace Search Division of Correction Providing fair, firm, consistent and superior correctional services for Arkansas Division of Correction Inmates Death Row Inmate Information Escapee List Mail and Money Executions Inmate Commissary Lists Inmate Handbook Inmate Programs and Services Inmate Search Modified EPA Update Victim Services DOC Home / Division of Correction / Inmates / Mail and Money Mail and Money Digital Mail System | How to Address Correspondence | What Can Be Sent By Mail | Mail Notice | How to Send Money Digital Mail System The Arkansas Division of Correction (ADC) is committed to maintaining a safe and secure environment for both our incarcerated population and staff. As part of this commitment, we will soon be implementing a new Digital Mail System for processing correspondence sent through U.S. Mail. We understand that staying connected with loved ones is important, and we are committed to ensuring that communication remains accessible and safe. By receiving mail in electronic format, we reduce the primary way that dangerous contraband can enter our facilities. The Digital Mail Center is a critical improvement to the safety of incarcerated individuals and those charged with their care, as well as visiting family and friends. Effective September 15, 2025 , all non-legal mail , for individuals housed in the ADC, will no longer be delivered in physical form directly to an ADC correctional facility. Instead, all non-legal mail must be sent to P.O. Box 25918, Tampa, Florida 33622 . Visitation Forms Please follow the instructions on the Visitation Form that states in part: In order to be placed on the approved visitation list, this form must be legibly completed in its entirety and RETURNED TO THE INMATE’S ASSIGNED UNIT TO THE ATTENTION OF THE UNIT VISITATION CLERK. DO NOT RETURN THE APPLICATION TO THE INMATE! DO NOT SEND VISITATION FORMS TO THE FLORIDA P.O. BOX ADDRESS How to Address Correspondence (non-legal mail) ADDRESS FORMAT: Inmate’s Name and ADC Number ARDOC P.O. 25918 Tampa, FL 33622 RETURN ADDRESS FORMAT: Full Name of Individual or Business Street Address or P.O. Box Number City, State and Zip Code How Digital Mail Works Digital mail is your original postal mail scanned and delivered straight to your loved one’s personal tablet. Both the envelope and its contents are scanned – front and back – in color, preserving all handwriting, drawings, etc. for your loved one to enjoy without the fear of damage or loss. Pictures and drawings will be accepted for scanning, provided they meet requirements. Pictures, drawings, or other paper items that exceed 8.5 x 11 inches and non-paper items will not be accepted for scanning. The Digital Mail Center may determine that mail cannot be scanned both before and after the mail is opened. If the mail cannot be scanned, it will be returned to the sender. If you send mail that you would like to have returned to you after it is scanned, the Digital Mail Center will do so if you include a self-addressed envelope with sufficient postage . If a self-addressed envelope with sufficient postage is not included, the mail will be discarded 90 days after it’s scanned. Packages, certified mail, checks, and money orders are not accepted and will be returned to the sender. Publications – defined as mail sent from a publisher, distributor, or authorized retailer –should not be sent to the address above. Check with the ADC facility for directions about where publications should be sent. All incoming mail (with exception of the items listed below) will be sent to the digital mail processing center where it will be sorted, scanned, and uploaded to the eMessaging app on the incarcerated individual’s tablet. Please note: Legal/privileged correspondence, media mail, books, magazines, packages, and other subscriptions sent to this address will be rejected and returned to the sender – please send these items directly to the facility’s mailing address. Incoming mail for incarcerated individuals who do not have access to tablets will be scanned by Securus personnel and emailed directly to the facility. A designated ADC staff member will then print the contents and physically deliver the mail to the intended recipient. This process helps maintain timely and secure communication while accommodating those without digital access. For Attorneys: If you are an attorney or have legal/privileged correspondence for an incarcerated client, DO NOT SEND IT TO THE ADDRESS ABOVE ; if you do, it will be opened and processed like regular (non-legal) mail. Legal/privileged correspondence will continue to be sent directly to the facility where the recipient is currently housed . – BACK TO TOP – What Can Be Sent By Mail No food or care packages may be mailed to an inmate. All incoming and outgoing inmate mail may be read, except for privileged correspondence with the inmate’s attorney; federal, state, and local court officials; any administrator of the Division of Correction, Board of Corrections, Post-Prison Transfer Board; and the news media. If properly marked as privileged, the correspondence will be opened, if at all, in front of the inmate and only inspected for contraband. For printed materials, please refer to the Administrative Rule regarding Publications . – BACK TO TOP – Mail Notice Please write all letters in dark ink only (black or blue ink). Do not use pencils or yellow markers because it will reduce image quality. Note the examples below that illustrate copy quality when using ink versus pencil. – BACK TO TOP – How to Send Money The Arkansas Department of Corrections is warning friends and families of incarcerated individuals against sending money to inmates through Cash App, Chime, Google Pay, PayPal, Venmo, Zelle, or any other money transfer application not provided by the department. “This is illegal and a scam,” said Division of Correction Director Dexter Payne. “People who engage in this practice could be charged criminally for doing so, and inmates will be disciplined.” • Sending Money ONLINE : Family and friends can send money online through our ONLINE INMATE BANKING SERVICE . This method requires a credit card and involves a small processing fee. – BACK TO TOP – Copyright 2026 © All Rights Reserved. Arkansas.gov Join Our Family Interested in joining the Arkansas DOC family? Check out our newly increased salaries! Explore career opportunities and sign up for Career Alerts. DOC Careers