New Jersey Department of Corrections The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close State of New Jersey Department of Corrections "Protecting Public Safety by Changing Offender Behavior" Commissioner Victoria L. Kuhn, Esq. NJDOC Staying Connected The New Jersey Department of Corrections is committed to family unification and ensuring strong ties between incarcerated persons and loved ones. Recognizing the pivotal role family and community play in the reentry journey and in reintegration, the NJDOC offers numerous methods for connecting with incarcerated persons. At the NJDOC, the benefits of continual family support are promoted through a variety of services and initiatives for the incarcerated population, including correspondence sent through traditional mail, phone calls, video visits and videograms, and electronic mail. These opportunities provide tangible communications that only further assist in facilitating invaluable connections between incarcerated persons and their loved ones. Sending mail and letters The New Jersey Department of Corrections (NJDOC) prioritizes the safety of the incarcerated population, staff, and volunteers. In order to prevent the introduction of drugs into facilities, NJDOC is implementing a mail copying and screening program for all United States Postal mail for each of the nine correctional facilities. To curb the introduction of drugs and contraband into facilities, all mail sent to incarcerated persons must be sent to an off-site processing center. This page is dedicated to informing the public about the most up-to-date policies and procedures regarding our mail operations. Sending General Correspondence All incoming correspondence must be sent to Pigeonly Corrections, a third-party mail vendor at the address below: Incarcerated Person’s Name – SBI Number Name of Facility – Facility Code PO Box 96777 Las Vegas, NV 89193 Facility Codes: Adult Diagnostic and Treatment Center - 1407 Bayside State Prison – 1403 East Jersey State Prison - 1401 Edna Mahan Correctional Facility – 1405 Garden State Correctional Facility - 1408 Mid-State Correctional Facility - 1404 New Jersey State Prison – 1400 Northern State Prison – 1406 South Woods State Prison – 1402 Special Treatment Unit – 1409 Pigeonly will process the following non-privileged mail: Letters (including drawings) Greeting cards Postcards 4x6 Photos (limit to 10 per parcel) Unbound newsletters Accepted Mail Requirements: All mail must have a return name and address. Envelopes must be no larger than 4 in. x 9½ in. Letters must be on paper that is no larger than 8 ½ in. x 11 in. Greeting cards must be no larger than 5 in. x 7 in. Postcards must be 5 in. x 7 in. Photographs must be 4 in. x 6 in. (limit to 10 photos per parcel) Pigeonly WILL NOT accept the following: Mail with glitter, rhinestones, stickers, or glued items Wax paper letters Shaped-cut photos or papers Letters written on tiny papers or sticky notes Crystals, religious tokens, coins, toys, key chains, stickers, artwork items Unused/blank envelopes, paper, stationary, and stamps Newspaper clippings Envelopes: Express or Priority/Hard Mail/Bubble type/Large thin paper envelopes Stapled items Books, booklets, magazines, or anything with a book spine Greeting cards that are overly thick, electronic, fold-out, 3D, have pop-ups, or are oversized. Polaroid photos and photographs from 3rd-party vendors (ie. Shutterfly) Official documents Bulk mail Documents you do not want destroyed, such as birth certificates, driver's licenses, social security cards, etc. Envelopes written in light or colored ink Illegible envelopes All forms of money (if unopened): Cash, checks, coins, gift cards, credit cards, etc. Any prohibited mail or mail not adhering to the above requirements will be returned to the sender. Incoming parcels that contain any inappropriate materials will be rejected in their entirety. For example, if 10 photos are sent in and any of them contain inappropriate materials, then all 10 will be rejected. Sending Publications, Periodicals, Magazines, Books All publications and periodicals must be sent directly by the source of sale (vendor, distributor, publisher) to the NJDOC facility and WILL NOT be accepted by Pigeonly Corrections. Publications and periodicals include: Books Magazines Publications with a spine Newspapers Unauthorized publications determined to violate N.J.A.C. 10A:18-4 will not be accepted. Information on publications that violate N.J.A.C. 10A:18-4 can be found here: NJDOC UNAUTHORIZED PUBLICATIONS *Effective immediately: The New Jersey Department of Corrections has temporarily suspended the acceptance of used publications by NJDOC facilities. Privilege and Legal Mail All privileged and/or official documents should continue to be sent directly to the facility. Legal and privilege mail includes correspondence disseminated directly from: Courts and court staff Government office and or entity Attorney’s office Attorney General's Office Congress Embassies and consulates The United States Department of Justice State governors Members of the State Legislature Law enforcement officers in their official capacity The front of the envelope must be clearly marked “Legal Mail,” “Attorney/Client,” “Confidential,” or similar designating the item as legal mail. Incoming mail readily identifiable as being from a court will be handled as legal mail, regardless of whether it has been marked legal mail. Any privileged or legal mail received by Pigeonly Corrections will be returned to the sender. For Attorneys NJDOC requires all envelopes containing Privileged Correspondence from attorneys contain the following: Full return address with the law office name and address; Recipient address written as follows: Incarcerated Person’s Name/ SBI Number Institution Institution Legal Mail Address For Courts/Governmental Entity The NJDOC requires all envelopes containing Privileged Correspondence from courts contain the following: Full return address of the court or governmental entity Recipient address written as follows: Incarcerated Person’s Name/ SBI Number Institution Institution Legal Mail Address Privileged Correspondence may only contain documents that originated from the sending attorney/court. Third-party original documentation is strictly prohibited in legal mail. Frequently Asked Questions Why is this new mail delivery process needed? Postal mail remains a vulnerable access point to introduce contraband and illicit drugs into correctional facilities, which pose a significant health and safety risk. This new process will increase safety while allowing incarcerated individuals to continue corresponding with loved ones in a timely manner. How does the new mail processing system work? Non-privileged mail is sent via PO Box to a central processing facility operated by Pigeonly. All non-legal postal mail is opened, screened for contraband, and scanned into an electronic document that closely resembles the original hardcopy, including color. The scanned mail is printed at Pigeonly’s processing facility and shipped to the State of New Jersey correctional facility indicated on the original envelope for distribution to the incarcerated recipients, eliminating the risk of contraband. The scanned mail is also shared electronically with the correctional facility through a secure dashboard for further screening and review. How is legal mail handled? Attorneys should continue to send legal mail directly to the State of New Jersey correctional facility for delivery to their incarcerated clients. How long does it take for an incarcerated individual to receive non-privileged mail? Within 24 hours of receipt, Pigeonly will open and scan incoming mail, share the electronic scan with the facility for further screening, then print and prepare the mail for shipment. Printed mail is delivered to NJDOC via Priority Mail and will be received within 1-3 days of shipment. How long is mail held at Pigeonly’s processing facility? Original copies of postal mail are held for 45 days. After this period, all mail will be destroyed. How should I address an envelope for someone incarcerated at a satellite facility? Mailers should address envelopes as indicated above, using the facility code of the parent facility. I sent mail to an incarcerated person(s), and it was returned as undeliverable. Why? It may have been returned because it violates the mail policy. All received mail will be inspected for prohibited materials. Mail that contains the following will be flagged and is subject to being marked as undeliverable: nudity, explicit sexual material, obscene material, violent language, promotion of violence, and contraband such as, but not limited to, weapons, drugs, or items of an unknown substance or odor. I'm a formerly incarcerated individual and want access to all my scanned mail pieces. Can I get a copy of them? After release, formerly incarcerated individuals can email support@pigeon.ly with their name/SBI, to download their scanned mail items for free. I would like to request my original parcels (sender). All mail is held at our mail processing facility for up to 45 days. If you would like to request your original parcel back, please email Support@pigeon.ly within that 45-day period, and we will return the parcel to the original sender as listed on the envelope. Phone calls NJDOC Inmate Phone Services The New Jersey Department of Corrections (NJDOC) is committed to supporting meaningful, secure communication between incarcerated individuals and their loved ones. As part of this effort, NJDOC partners with ViaPath Technologies to provide reliable and affordable phone services in all state-operated correctional facilities. ViaPath, formerly known as GTL, offers phone accounts, prepaid options, and trust account services to ensure families stay connected while maintaining the safety and integrity of institutional operations. Effective May 1, 2025, NJDOC and ViaPath reduced call rates to $0.034 per minute—reflecting a 22% savings for families. Whether you're a friend, family member, or legal representative, this page is your complete guide to setting up accounts, funding calls, accessing support, and understanding the policies that govern inmate phone use in New Jersey. Getting Started What is ConnectNetwork and how does it relate to ViaPath? ConnectNetwork is the online platform managed by ViaPath Technologies that allows friends and family to communicate with incarcerated individuals. Through ConnectNetwork, users can create an account and deposit funds for phone use. It’s your main portal for managing communications and transactions with your loved one. How do I create a ConnectNetwork account? To create a new ConnectNetwork visit their account setup up page. Why is an email address required? A valid email address is necessary to confirm your identity and for future communication from ConnectNetwork. What should I do if I forget my password? If you forgot your password, visit the ConnectNetwork “ Forgot my Password ” guide. How do I add an incarcerated person to my account? Visit the ConnectNetwork “ Add an Inmate to Your Account ” guide. Payments & Billing How do I make a deposit or payment? For detailed information on making deposits or payments for ConnectNetwork services, visit the " Ways to Pay " page on their website. Can I make cash deposits at local retail stores? Yes, cash deposits can be made at over 26,000 participating retail locations nationwide. To make a cash deposit, log in to your ConnectNetwork account, select "Walk-In Retail (pay by cash)" as your payment method, and follow the prompt to generate a Pay Slip. What is a Pay Slip, and can I reuse it? A Pay Slip is a payment form generated during the online deposit process, which you can print or receive via email or SMS. You can reuse the same Pay Slip for up to one year, making multiple deposits up to the amount listed on the slip. How do I deposit funds into an inmate's trust account? After adding the inmate to your account, click on "Make Deposit," enter the desired amount, select your payment method, and follow the prompts to complete the transaction. A confirmation screen and email will confirm your successful deposit. Phone Services What is AdvancePay Phone? AdvancePay Phone is a prepaid phone account established on your telephone number, allowing you to receive calls from inmates at facilities serviced by ConnectNetwork. Calls are received based on the available balance attached to your phone number. How do I set up an AdvancePay Phone account? Sign in to your ConnectNetwork account, ensure that you've added a facility offering AdvancePay services, and follow the setup process by entering your phone number, selecting preferences, and choosing the state/facility. How can I block or unblock a phone number? To block unwanted calls from an incarcerated person, please contact GTL at 1.866.230.7761 and follow the listed instructions. To unblock a number that’s been accidentally blocked, please send a written request to the attention of the NJDOC Telecommunications Office: 1400 Stuyvesant Avenue, Trenton, NJ 08618. Correspondence must include the incarcerated person’s name, SBI number, and your telephone number, name, and address. You can also reach out to the NJDOC Telecommunications Office at 609-292-4036, ext. 5665, to request a statewide block. If you are receiving calls from someone that is actively part of a no contact court order, restraining order, is harassing or threatening, and/or intimidating a witness you are urged to contact both your local police department and the Special Investigations Division immediately at (800) 523-3829. Are phone calls subject to monitoring? Telephone calls are subject to recording, listening, and/or monitoring. Exceptions to monitoring of calls is provided for attorney/client calls, the Office of Corrections Ombudsperson, Hyacinth Foundation and Special Investigations Division. What are the current phone call rates? As of May 1, 2025, the rate for an incarcerated persons’ call is $0.034 per minute. This reduction represents a 22% decrease from the previous rate. What are international call rates? International calling on the IP phone system are currently not allowed. Arrangements are made with social services to call internationally. How do legal phone calls work? Incarcerated persons may add attorneys to their phone list at any time. IPs may contact the NJ Office of the Public Defender at no charge, while other legal calls are debit/collect. All calls to phone numbers designated as an attorney or legal line are private and not recorded. Is the Hyacinth Foundation a free call? Yes. They are free and private. Need help? For assistance with payments and customer support, ConnectNetwork is available 24/7: Customer Service: (877) 650-4249 AdvancePay Automated Payment System: (800) 483-8314 Trust Fund Automated Payment System: (888) 988-4768 PIN Debit Automated Payment System: (855) 706-2445 For non-urgent matters, you can also submit a request or inquiry through the Contact Us form on the ConnectNetwork website. Resources and Links Setup a ConnectNetwork Account Ways to Pay – Online, Phone, Kiosk, Mail, Retail Advance Pay information How to instructions: Forgot Your Password? Add an Inmate to Your Account Deposit Funds to an Inmate’s Trust Fund Buying Message Credits and Sending a Message Communication kiosks and tablets JPay is a self-help kiosk system where incarcerated individuals can access their funds, download digital books, programming, music, access stamps, send and receive electronic correspondence, and so much more. Fees for some of these services may apply. Visit Jpay.com for additional information. Beginning in March 2025, the NJDOC will gradually transition existing services from JPAY to ViaPath Technologies . This change aims to improve the services, security, and connections between love ones and incarcerated persons. This new service will enhance communications, access to technology, and improve family contacts for the incarcerated population in state correctional facilities. Later in 2025, the NJDOC will introduce new tablets, which will remain the property of the Department but will be loaned to incarcerated individuals at no cost. These tablets will provide access to educational resources, legal materials, video visitation opportunities, and other communication tools, fostering rehabilitation and connection with family. For more information as this transition unfolds, visit njdoc.gov/pages/viapath.html . Video visitation To further promote bonds with loved ones and strengthen overall ties to the community, NJDOC offers a Video Connect program through the JPAY Service. This service allows incarcerated persons to participate in 30-minute Video Connect Sessions with loved ones, allowing face-to-face communication through JPAY kiosk screens. Your loved ones can easily schedule a 30-minute Video Connect session through the JPAY website or application. Upon scheduling, the incarcerated person will be notified through their JPAY account. Video visits must be scheduled at least 3 days in advance and are limited to one visit per week to ensure equitable access. Video visits are available at all NJDOC facilities, except for Northern State Prison and the Special Treatment Unit, between 8:00 am and 3:00 pm and again between 5:50 pm and 8:00 pm. Days and times may vary by institutional needs. To schedule video visitation with an incarcerated individual, you must first register with JPAY.com More information on schedule and availability can be viewed on JPAY’s website . Video Visitation Rules Video visitations must match an approved visitor on your Visit List at your facility. All video visitation is monitored and recorded by NJDOC and JPAY. All participants are responsible for adhering to the rules of conduct and terms of service during the visit. Conduct that is inappropriate in any manner, including indecent exposure, will not be tolerated. If, at any time during your video session, JPAY or NJDOC deems your conduct inappropriate, the video session will be subject to immediate termination without warning. Terminating your video session is at the sole discretion of JPAY or NJDOC. Video visits terminated for inappropriate conduct will not be refunded. The service should not be used by attorneys to communicate with incarcerated individuals, as the content will not be treated as privileged and confidential. Video Visitation Requirements: 1) Visitors JPAY profile information (name, address, etc.) must match the incarcerated person's approved visit list. 2) A visitor is not permitted to schedule more than one visit in a week. 3) Minors are prohibited from scheduling or participating in video visits. If a visit does not occur, JPAY will issue a credit or refund within 14 days. All video visit participants must follow rules and regulations during all video visits. Any violations of the following guidelines by the incarcerated person or visitor may result in the immediate termination of a video visit session, temporary suspension of video visitation privileges, implementation of a ban from video visitations, and/or the issuance of disciplinary charges. Additionally, behavior of a more serious nature that has a potential connection to the regular visit program could result in bans on that program. Video visits should be conducted in the same way as standard contact visits in behavior and decorum. Multiple incarcerated persons participating in a video visit is unauthorized. No nudity, excretory functions, sadism or masochism, engagement in sexual acts, or behavior that appeals to a prurient interest in sex. No abusive, threatening, and profane language. No use of slurs based on race, sex, age, religion, etc. No visits with individuals which protection orders/court orders expressly prohibit. No use of illicit drugs or alcohol or the display of either. No physical altercations. No display of Security Threat Group/gang hand signs or paraphernalia or Security Threat Group/gang-related activity. No display of any weapons or explosive devices. No display or discussion of any item or material that may be considered to be detrimental or pose a threat to the security or orderly running of the correctional facility because it incites violence or disruptive behavior toward law enforcement officers, Department of Corrections personnel, incarcerated persons, visitors, or volunteers. No engagement in any criminal activity. No pictures, video recordings, or screenshots during the visit. No live streaming. Incarcerated persons are responsible for reporting any illegal activity they may have witnessed during a video visit (i.e. child abuse, etc.). No displaying of secondary videos or photographs violating any unauthorized behaviors noted in the regulations. No visiting of Incarcerated Persons confined to any other jurisdiction without prior administrative approval. Any act not described above that gravely violates the sentiment or accepted societal standards. No transparent or fishnet clothing, bathing suits/swimsuits. No clothing that exposes undergarments or a portion of the body considered private. Tops should cover midriff areas. No low-cut shirts or shirts that unnecessarily expose the midriff area. Bottoms must at least cover the waist to mid-thigh. No shorts, skirts, or dresses ending above mid-thigh or which have an inseam length or slit ending more than three inches above the knee. No low-rise shorts, skirts, or pants that expose the midriff area or any portion of the buttocks. Email, videograms, electronic photos In addition to sending incarcerated persons regular mail, NJDOC, through its communications provider JPAY, offers electronic messaging through kiosks and tablets. Incarcerated individuals are able to send and receive emails and view photo attachments. Rates for sending email, photos, videos, and more can be viewed through JPAY’s website: https://www.jpay.com/Agency-Details/New-Jersey-Department-of-Corrections.aspx . Before communicating with your incarcerated individual, you must first register with JPAY.com Send money The process for sending money to an incarcerated person’s trust account will be provided by ViaPath Technologies beginning March 24, 2025. ViaPath Technologies offers a user-friendly online platform that allows families and friends to deposit funds directly into individuals’ trust accounts. To send funds online, visit: www.ConnectNetwork.com . Through this new service offered by the NJDOC, the cost to send money to an incarcerated person has been reduced by an average of 37 percent. This reduction in fees is part of the Department of Corrections’ commitment to reducing the financial burden on families and friends to stay connected. The new lower fee schedule for making trust fund deposits using the ViaPath mobile app, web, or over the phone: Deposit Services Amount Fees $0.01 - $9.99 $0.90 $10.00 - $19.99 $1.75 $20.00 - $99.99 $5.95 $100 - $199.99 $6.95 $200.00 - $300.00 $7.95 To send money order payments to an incarcerated person’s trust account, please utilize the ViaPath Technologies Trust Account Money Order Payments deposit slip . Incarcerated person’s trust account can be used for: Commissary Phone calls Business remits (publications, gifts, donations, etc.) Incentive programs Transfer funds to JPAY Media Account As this transition unfolds, please visit our ViaPath page to stay updated on all changes and new procedures. JPay will no longer be used as of July 31, 2025. Privacy Legal Associated Links Fallen Officers Contact Us NJ Administrative Code title 10A Video Teleconferencing Accessibility Statement New Jersey Open Public records Act. Follow Us on Social Media Copyright © · All Rights Reserved · New Jersey Department of Corrections