Sheriff - Gilmer County, WV Home Courthouse Schedule Elected Officials Assessor Circuit Clerk County Clerk County Commission Prosecutor Sheriff Sheriff's Tax Office Other County Offices 911 Center Animal Shelter EMS Extension Floodline Management Surplus Property Auction Employment Opportunities Boards/Committees Links GILMER COUNTY SHERIFF, DONALD E. "Smokey" BELIN [ Online tax inquiry and payment] clicking here will take you outside of this site There is a fee from Certified Payments when paying by credit card Gilmer County Sheriff's Office donald.belin@gilmercountywv.gov 10 Howard Street Phone: (304) 462-7441 Glenville, WV 26351 Fax: (304) 462-5134 DEPUTIES: Jason Lipps, Deputy DUTIES OF THE SHERIFF: The Sheriff of the county serves as its chief law enforcement officer, charged with the responsibility of policing the county and keeping the peace, including the power to make arrests. A sheriff may not serve more than two consecutive terms. It is required to be a full-time position in all counties except Class X. In counties that operate county jails, the Sheriff has responsibility for administration of the jail and custody of the inmates. In addition to duties related to law enforcement, the Sheriff also serves as the Treasurer of the county and collects all taxes levied by the county. To assist the Sheriff in the performance of his/her duties, law enforcement deputies, tax deputies and legal process deputies may be employed. Correctional officers may also be hired in those counties which have a county jail. The Sheriff’s duties include: Serve and execute all returns, notices and processes issued by the courts which must be served in the county Act as bailiff in court proceedings Enforce court orders Administer transportation of prisoners, mental patients and extraditions Administer the financial matters of adults who are unable to do so for themselves Issue licenses to citizens who apply for a concealed weapons permit Collect all state, county, municipal and school taxes; disburse money to appropriate agencies Maintain all tax records Enforce payment of delinquent taxes TERM EXPIRES: DECEMBER 31, 2028 Eligible to run for another term 2014 Copyright © Gilmer County Commission, Landmark Geospatial, Global Science & Technology. All rights reserved. Admin Login