Sumner County, KS - Sheriff Office | Welcome to the Sumner County Sheriff’s Office Sheriff Darren Chambers welcomes you to the official website of the Sumner County Sheriff’s Office. Located in south-central Kansas, the office provides law enforcement services to an area of 1,188 square miles adjoining Sedgwick County (Wichita). The Sumner County Sheriff’s Office is the chief law enforcement agency in Sumner County. The Sheriff Office is comprised of 68 full-time and 3 part-time employee, both sworn officers and professional support staff. The Office employs 30 sheriff deputies, 33 detention deputies, and 5 civilian employees. The Sheriff Office provides general law enforcement, detention and court services for the people of Sumner County in a service area of approximately 1,188 square miles. In addition, the Sheriff’s Office provides security to the Sumner County Court. Learn More Our mission is to provide professional public safety services in partnership with citizens to identify, prevent and solve the problems of crime thereby improving the quality of life in our community. *We maintain the trust of the community through honesty, compassion and fairness. *We adhere to the highest standards of personal and professional conduct. We respect the rights of all citizens and employees. *We recognize our primary responsibility is the protection of life and property. *We appreciate our differences and recognize that unique skills, knowledge and backgrounds bring strength to the community. Announcements Conceal Carry Applications Aug 31, 2020 | Announcements We will begin taking appointments for processing Conceal Carry applications. Our lobby is open to the public Please contact Michael Patterson at (620) 326-8941 x6017. We will schedule appointments for Monday through Wednesday and Friday from 8 am to 11 am and 1 pm... read more Sumner County Residents Nov 14, 2019 | Announcements Sumner County Residents: In light of the rising number of vehicle thefts and burglaries in rural Sumner County we would like to remind you to lock up your personal belongings as well as removing keys from your vehicle(s) and locking them as well. Since October 1st... read more Phone Scam Alert Aug 9, 2018 | Announcements The Sumner County Sheriff's Office has received information from the Labette County Sheriff's Office about a possible Phone Scam that has hit several counties in Kansas. The phone scam involves a male individual calling Sheriff's Office's and/ or Jails impersonating... read more Southern Kansas SWAT and Sumner County Sheriff’s Office Drone team Jun 13, 2018 | Announcements Captain Westmoreland, Deputy Douglas, and Deputy Velazquez as well as members from the Southern Kansas Swat team traveled to Maize on June 8, 2018 to give a presentation. read more Sergeant Carmichael and Sergeant Patterson receive Valor Awards May 10, 2018 | Announcements On May 9, 2018 the Kansas Association of Chiefs of Police awarded Sgt. Carmichael and Sgt Patterson with 2018 Gold Valor Award for assisting in a chase which led to an officer involved shooting in Sumner County in April of 2017. ... read more Sheriff Darren Chambers has completed the 104th Session of the National Sheriffs’ Institute. Feb 12, 2018 | Announcements Sheriff Darren Chambers has completed the 104th Session of the National Sheriffs’ Institute. Meet Sheriff Chambers and read about his accomplishment read more