The Official Langlade County Government Web Site | Departments » Sheriff's Office Board & Committees Forms & Documents Minutes & Agendas Ordinances Municipalities Employment Committee Appointments Langlade County Budget Redistricting Maps Rules of the County Board Airport Child Support Circuit Court Judge Clerk of Circuit Court Coroner Corporation Counsel County Clerk County Treasurer Department of Administration District Attorney Economic Development Corp Emergency Management Fairgrounds Finance Forestry-Recreation-Parks Health Department Highway Human Resources Information Technology Land Conservation Land Records and Regulations Langlade County Proposal Requests Maintenance Register in Probate Register of Deeds Sheriff's Office Social Services UW Extension Veterans Victim Witness Aging & Disability Resource Center Alcoholics Anonymous Antigo Farmers Market Antigo Public Library Chamber & Visitors Center City of Antigo Community Calendar Economic Development Jack Lake Campground Langlade County Front-End Intervention and Treatment (FIT) Diversion Program North Central Health Care North Central Wi Regional Planning Road Conditions State of Wisconsin Substance Use Assistance Tourism Unified School District of Antigo SHERIFF'S OFFICE - Administration - Detective Bureau - Patrol - Dispatch - Corrections - Special Divisions - Animal Abuse/Neglect - Crime Stoppers - Civil Process - Open Records - News & Events - Annual Reports - History & Photos - Links - Foreclosure Sales - Free Safety Resources - Citizen Complaint Form - Citizen Compliment Form - Contact - In Memoriam - K9 Program - Policies Emergency Management - Select Section SHERIFF'S OFFICE Administration Detective Bureau Patrol Dispatch Corrections Special Divisions Animal Abuse/Neglect Crime Stoppers Civil Process Open Records News & Events Annual Reports History & Photos Links Foreclosure Sales Free Safety Resources Citizen Complaint Form Citizen Compliment Form Contact In Memoriam K9 Program Policies Emergency Management Departments » Sheriff's Office Langlade County Sheriff's Office Mission Statement: To provide the citizens and visitors of Langlade County with the highest level of professional public safety services available. Our personnel are stewards of this office and will serve with COMPETENCE, CONFIDENCE AND COURTESY . Welcome to the Langlade County Sheriff’s Office website. We hope our website provides a timely and cost effective platform to provide information to the citizens we serve. Here you will find many links to services we provide as well as information about our staff and programs. The Sheriff’s Office covers nearly 900 square miles and a population of approximately 20,000 people. Our office provides law enforcement services, operates the Langlade County Jail, the 911 Communications Center, and Emergency Management Services. Additionally we work closely with other public safety partners such as the City of Antigo Police Department as well as numerous fire departments and emergency medical services in Langlade County and surrounding counties. Please feel free to contact us with any questions you may have regarding our services. Thank you for doing your part in keeping Langlade County a safe place to work, live and raise a family. We strive to make the citizens of Langlade County our most important partners in our effort to deliver the best professional law enforcement services available. ~Sheriff Mark B. Westen Contact: Phone: 715-627-6411 Mailing Address: Safety Building 840 Clermont Street Antigo, WI 54409 Map