Jail – Jefferson County, Pennsylvania Jail The mission of the Jefferson County Jail is to protect the public by confining persons committed to our custody in a safe, secure facility, and provide opportunities for inmates to acquire the skills and values necessary to become productive law-abiding citizens; while respecting the rights of crime victims. Visiting Hours: Visits must be scheduled through icsolutions.com either via your home computer/cell phones or the computer in the jail vestibule. Visit must be schedule no sooner than 24 hours prior & no later than 1 week out. Visiting times are 8:00AM to 8:30PM The main number for the jail is (814) 849-1933 Extension options consist of: General Information — 1 Shift Commanders Desk — 2 Records — 3 Medical Department — 4 Training Officer’s Desk — 5 Administration — 6 How to place money on an inmate’s account: A kiosk machine is located in the front lobby of the jail. The kiosk will accept both cash and credit cards. Money orders may be mailed to the jail in the inmate’s name. There is a small charge assessed with each deposit to cover expenses. Funds are NOT accepted through the window at the front desk. Cash will NOT be accepted through the mail. How to place money on an inmate’s telephone account: Money can be placed onto an inmate’s telephone account through the kiosk, in the front lobby of the jail. Money can also be placed onto the inmate’s telephone account by calling 1- 866-345-1884 or by going to https://www.accesscorrections.com/ What can an inmate possess: Upon entering the building an inmate is permitted to possess five white t-shirts, five pair of white socks, and five sets of underwear. Once an inmate has entered the building, no other personal items are permitted to be brought into the facility. Addition personal items are available to be purchased through the jail’s commissary system. Weekender Fees: The courts system has ordered a fee to be paid by the inmate, if they are serving a sentence that allows for incarceration times of less than six days at a time. The fees are accessed according to the inmate’s weekly income. The inmate will be required to provide the jail with copies of their last three paystubs, so that this fee can be calculated. Medical Needs: The county has contracted with a medical provider to meet the needs of all inmates. Should an individual become incarcerated, the provider will contact outside healthcare providers and/or pharmacies to document past medical needs. Small co-pays are required for inmate treatment while incarcerated. Special Restrictions: None Special Notes: Bail cannot be paid at the jail. Family or friends would need to contact the committing party (district judge, presiding judge, prothonotary’s office) to arrange for ba Visitor Scheduling Instruction Guide - Click to expand Loading... Taking too long? Reload document | Open in new tab Download [0.99 MB] Current Budget Report Learn More Meetings Learn More Contact Jail Jefferson County Jail 578 Service Center Road Brookville, Pa. 15825 County Departments Normal Business Hours Mon-Fri 8:30AM-4:30PM Follow Jefferson County Privacy Policy Copyright © 2022. All Rights Reserved. Building Addresses Jefferson County Courthouse 200 Main Street Brookville PA Jefferson County Commissioners Jefferson Place 155 Main Street, 2nd Floor Brookville, PA 15825 Quick Links Court Forms Commissioners Meeting Minutes Election Info Polling Locations Election Results Sample Ballot County Budget Municipalities County Links Jefferson County Tourism Brookville Chamber of Commerce Community Action DuBois Chamber of Commerce Jefferson County Area Agency on Aging Jefferson County Conservation District Jefferson County Development Council Jefferson County Leadership Development Penn State Cooperative Extension Punxsutawney Area Chamber of Commerce Right to Know Form Scroll to top Scroll to top Scroll to top Web Design by Paradynamix