Inmate Information - Mail - Wyoming County, PA, USA Skip to content Skip to left sidebar Skip to footer Menu Search: Wyoming County Correctional Facility Inmate Mail Policy All Inmates are permitted to send and/or receive an unlimited number of letters via the United States Postal Service each week. All incoming non-legal mail will be opened and inspected for contraband. Inmate mail will not be held. Materials received but not permitted in the Inmate’s possession will be returned to the sender or placed into storage until his/her release from this Facility. Such materials include, but are not limited to, the following: pornography, explicit photographs, postage-paid envelopes, stamps, stationery, blank envelopes, Polaroid photographs, correspondence from Inmate(s) currently housed in another correctional institution, excessive Internet copies, stickers, novelty cards, envelopes of excessive size, etc. Incoming postal mail from Attorneys, Courts, Department of Corrections personnel, and other public officials shall be opened and inspected for contraband while in the presence of the addressee. Correspondence with an (alleged) victim(s) of the Inmate’s (alleged) criminal act is prohibited. The Warden/Deputy Warden(s) reserves the right to prohibit an Inmate from receiving incoming mail from ex-Inmate(s). Facility Administration reserves the right to “spot check” outgoing/incoming mail. All outgoing mail will have only the return address in the top left corner as shown in the following example: Inmate Name, Block, and Cell Number Wyoming County Correctional Facility (WCCF) 10 Stark Street Tunkhannock, PA 18657 Inmates are to advise persons from whom they receive correspondence that a name and return address must be handwritten on all incoming/outgoing mail. No stickers, including pre-printed address labels, are permitted. The only acceptable sticker on the envelope is the postage stamp. Books and magazines can only be purchased from book vendors and must be directly shipped from the vendor to the Wyoming County Facility for inspection and distribution. MAP | DIRECTIONS Correctional Facility Wyoming County Correctional Facility 10 Stark St. Tunkhannock, PA 18657 Contact Contact The Correctional Facility Securely Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * First Last Email * Phone Number * Comment or Message * Submit Terms · Privacy · Legal Notice · Accessibility © 2026 Wyoming County, PA, USA MoodUS Media® LLC "Endless Mountain Made!" Skip to content