Sheriff's Office » Henrico County, Virginia Skip to main content Board of Supervisors meeting recap for June 23; ‘Today is about responsibility,’ Clevert says as new Fire chief In a Board Room packed with family, friends, colleagues and other supporters, Doug W. Clevert Jr. was formally installed as the county's 12th chief of the Division of Fire. ‘Problems solved, challenges overcome’; Henrico, HCPS lead Virginia with 56 Achievement Awards from National Association of Counties “The NACo Achievement Awards showcase the tremendous work our departments and dedicated staff do for our community every day,” County Manager John A. Vithoulkas said. “These award-winning programs and initiatives… New Market Heights battlefield acquisition expands land preservation efforts, sets stage for 3.2-mile trail As envisioned, the New Market Heights Trail will be a 3.2-mile shared-used path connecting Four Mile Creek Park and Deep Bottom Park. The trail will highlight how 14 members of the U.S.… More News → Visit Toggle Visit menu Explore Recreation & Parks Libraries Trails in Henrico Henrico Government Buildings Experience Events – R&P Things to Do in Henrico Performing Arts Sports & Entertainment Authority Learn VA 250-Henrico Henrico History County Markers Historical Tabletops Henrico Sports and Events Center Site search Search henrico.gov Search Site menu Search henrico.gov Search Translate Select your language More Languages | Disclaimer Henrico County Sheriff's Office Mission To protect and assist the citizens of Henrico by providing security for the jails and county courthouse; rehabilitation for inmates through vocational, mental health, education and work programs; executing mental health commitment orders; service of civil process documents. Henrico County Sheriff's Office Values Integrity : Grounded in integrity, we are dedicated to consistently doing what’s right, upholding honesty, and maintaining the highest ethical standards in every action we take. Respect : Respect is fundamental; we treat others with the same dignity and consideration we would hope to receive. Service : We strive to meet the community's needs with respect and understanding. Compassion : We treat everyone with empathy, kindness, and understanding, offering support that fosters stronger connections and cultivates a more caring environment. Courage : We take action in adversity while upholding the highest ethical standards for ourselves and others. Accountability : We make decisions every day and take responsibility for our actions. Professionalism : We focus on representing the Sheriff’s Office with calm, dependable and courteous behavior. Services Inmate Virtual Visitation-Jail West Inmate Virtual Visitation-Jail East Send Mail or Make a Call to an Inmate Send or Receive Money for an Inmate Inmate Care Packages Become A Deputy View All Sheriff’s Office Services Public Data Sheriff’s Office Annual PREA Report 2025 Sheriff’s Office Annual PREA Report 2024 Sheriff’s Office Annual PREA Report 2023 Sheriff’s Office Annual PREA Report 2022 Sheriff’s Office Annual PREA Report 2021 View All Sheriff’s Office Public Data Quick Links Regional Jail East Regional Jail West Jail Phone Numbers Locate a Henrico Inmate VINE Victim Notification Program Bounce Back from Addiction Sheriff Alisa A. Gregory Alisa A. Gregory was elected Sheriff in the November 2019 general election and made history as the first African American and first female to serve as Sheriff in Henrico County. She was re-elected in November 2023 and is serving her second term. Learn more about Sheriff Gregory . Video Visitation For technical questions regarding Video Visitation please call GTL Support at 866-516-0115. Careers Accepting Applications for State Certified Jail Deputies/Jailors If you are currently a Deputy or Jailor in the State of Virginia, we are accepting applications from certified applicants. Once employment with the Henrico Sheriff’s Office is confirmed, pre-certified applicants attend a modified academy or in-service training to become familiar with the Henrico County Sheriff’s office operations and policies. Henrico Inmate Search Lookup Henrico County Jail Inmate Information. ACCREDITATION The Henrico County Sheriff’s Office is accredited by: The American Correctional Association (ACA) The Department of Correction (DOC) The Department of Justice PREA standards Contact Delivery Address 4317 E. Parham Rd. Henrico, VA 23228 Mailing Address P. O. Box 90775 Henrico, VA 23273-0775 [email protected] Phone (804) 501-5860 Fax - Sheriff (804) 501-4770 Fax - Protective Orders/Civil Process (804) 501-5443 ADA Coordinator Mrs. Jessica Turner (804) 727-8788 - ADA Message Line [email protected] Social Media Policy Additional Contact Information Email is not monitored 24 hours a day. Sign up to Receive Henrico News Sign Up © 1996–2026. henrico.gov is the official site for Henrico County, Virginia, government information and services. Privacy Policy Site Map Web Suggestions Accessibility