Sheriff | Hopewell, VA Skip to Main Content ALERT Treasurer's Office Temporary Closure Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home GOVERNMENT Departments Sheriff Sheriff The men and women of the Hopewell Sheriff’s Office are committed to serving the Citizens of our city in a fair, honest and professional manner. Goal Our goal is to provide the best law enforcement possible to all the citizens of Hopewell. Website Disclaimer The Hopewell Sheriff’s Office provides links to other websites that are not controlled, maintained, or endorsed by Hopewell City or the Sheriff’s Office and, as such, we are not responsible for the content of those websites. Use of information obtained from those websites is voluntary, and reliance on that information should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy. Reference by those websites to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Hopewell Sheriff’s Office or the City of Hopewell. By accessing the informational links, you agree and understand that the following information contained therein is for personal and informational use only, it does not constitute legal advice or procedure, may be outdated or inaccurate. It is up to you, the individual, to find competent legal advice from Clerk of Court(s) and/or Certified Attorneys. Boca Recovery Center Crater Criminal Justice Training Academy DEA Young Adults Resource Drug & Alcohol Detox Centers in Hopewell Drug Abuse Resistance Education (D.A.R.E.) To Keep Kids Off of Drugs Find AA Meetings in Hopewell Hopewell Police Department Narcotics.com National Sheriff’s Association Rehab Centers, Drug & Alcohol Support Substance Abuse Prevention Education The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) Virginia Amber Alerts Virginia Sheriff’s Association View All /QuickLinks.aspx Contact Us Travis L. Stanley Sheriff Email Travis Stanley Sheriff Physical Address View Map 100 E Broadway Hopewell , VA 23860 100 E Broadway Hopewell VA 23860 Directions Phone: 804-541-2300 Fax: 804-541-2326 Directory Facebook View All /QuickLinks.aspx City Council LIVE View public meetings Employment View City employment opportunities Meetings/Agendas View meetings and agendas Report a Concern Let the city know News/Press Releases Local news & press releases Public Notices Public Notices City of Hopewell 300 N Main Street Hopewell, VA 23860 Phone: 804-541-2200 Business hours: 8AM-4:30PM info@hopewellva.gov Report a Concern City Wi-Fi Departments News Releases City Resources Utilities Elections and Voting /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Social Media Website Accessibility Privacy Policy Hopewell Alerts /QuickLinks.aspx © 2026 City of Hopewell, Virginia Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow