Sheriff - Van Buren County Sheriff About Us Agency List News Releases Reference Employment Opportunities Contact Us Divisions Animal Control Central Dispatch Corrections Division Dive Rescue & Recovery Team Investigative Division K-9 Marine Division Mounted Division Office of Domestic Preparedness Reserve Division Snowmobile Patrol SWAT (Special Weapons And Tactics) Uniform Response Division Victim Services Unit Services How Do I… Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Open Search Window Jobs Link Jobs Jobs Link Property Check Jobs Link Inmate Lookup Jobs Link Jail Information Jobs Link Contact Us Jobs Link FOIA Request News & Upcoming Events Stay up to date with us! Sheriff News Uniform Response received information that a Stolen Kubota Tractor from Wisconsin was Possibly at a Residence in Columbia Township Uniform Response handled a Fatal Fire incident with the Paw Paw Fire Department. Both offices were dispatched to a fully engulfed residential fire in Waverly Township in the early morning hours. The Van Buren County Sheriff’s Office of Domestic Preparedness Hosts Multi-Agency Emergency Management Tabletop Exercise View All News USFlag Honor Network South Haven 4th – 2023 Basketball Competition Strawberry Festival 2023 Sheriff and Mounted Sheriff at Flywheelers Marine Division Boats Truck-Fire Road Tire Change Marine Rescue for Juveniles in Distress Squad Car on Winter Duty 0 events found. Today Upcoming Upcoming Select date. Subscribe to calendar Google Calendar iCalendar Outlook 365 Outlook Live Export .ics file Export Outlook .ics file Sheriff News Uniform Response received information that a Stolen Kubota Tractor from Wisconsin was Possibly at a Residence in Columbia Township Uniform Response handled a Fatal Fire incident with the Paw Paw Fire Department. Both offices were dispatched to a fully engulfed residential fire in Waverly Township in the early morning hours. The Van Buren County Sheriff’s Office of Domestic Preparedness Hosts Multi-Agency Emergency Management Tabletop Exercise The Van Buren County Sheriff’s Office is pleased to recognize Reserve Sergeant Sheriff Daniel E. Abbott and Walter Grech for recently providing a cybersecurity presentation to participants at Senior Services of Van Buren County. On Saturday, June 13, 2026, at approximately 11:00 p.m., deputies with the Van Buren County Sheriff’s Office responded to Gingerman Raceway during the Gridlife racing and music festival following reports of a disruptive individual making threats on the event grounds. Congratulations to Deputy Kyle Gabrielse and Deputy Cory Delich for being selected to be our newest members of our SWAT Team. Tryouts and interviews were done for internal candidates as well as external candidates from other agencies. No question these two will do a great job on the team. Contact Us 219 E Paw Paw Street Suite 302 Paw Paw, MI 49079-1429 Local Links Staff Directory Business Directory Municipalities Community Partners State of Michigan Helpful Links Home Staff Login Contact Us Accessibility Privacy Policy & Courts Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Open Search Window Van Buren County, Michigan © 2026 Van Buren County • Digital Information Department Search for: Search Close Search Window ↑ You are now leaving the Van Buren County website. Links to external, or third-party websites, are provided solely for visitors' convenience. Following links to other sites is done so at your own risk and the owners of this website accept no liability for any linked sites or their content. Any link from our site to an external website does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for its use. Users should review the privacy policies of external websites and other terms of use to learn more about what, why, and how they collect and use any personally identifiable information. You will be redirected in 10 seconds. Continue Now Cancel 🏠 Home 📋 Sheriff's Office Menu 📞 Contact 🔍 Search Sheriff's Office Menu × Manage Consent This site uses cookies for basic functionality and analytics. By continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies. See our Privacy Policy. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent