Postal Service :: Pima County Sheriff's Department Pima County Sheriff 's Department Jail Inmate Lookup Pima County Jail Pay a Bond Transfer Money Commissary Ordering Court Information Inmate Property Inmate Visitation Inmate Phone Service Postal Service Report Sexual Misconduct Tablet Services Services Child Safety Seat Inspections Civil Enforcement Dispose-A-Med Document Shredding Fingerprint Services Neighborhood Watch Rape Aggression Defense Classes Vehicle Impound Badges and Backpacks School Resource Officers Neutral Safe Exchange Locations Forms & Reports Obtain Police Report File an Employee Complaint Employee Commendation Obtain Jail Report Technical Concerns Unclaimed Property Crime Prevention Calls for Service Sex Offenders Fraud Prevention Online Reporting Cold Case Crime Mapping Careers Deputy Sheriff Corrections Officer 9-1-1 Dispatcher Civilian Contact a Recruiter Volunteer Veterans Reform Police Reform Annual Report Go! Search Go! Jail Postal Service Postcard maximum allowable size is 4.25 inches by 6 inches. Postcards shall not be accepted if: Defaced or altered; In plastic or any other wrapping; Contain nudity, sexual conduct, weapons, or gang references; Contains glitter; Incoming postcards will be copied (digitally or photocopied) and inmates will receive a copy of the postcard either via tablet or on copy paper. Inmates will not receive the original postcard. Postcards will be destroyed after 14 calendar days. Postal services are provided Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. Inmates may order magazines, newspapers, soft cover books, etc. These items must come directly from the publisher or a widely accepted distributor. All mail is subject to search. Mail is not read except in the course of an investigation. Inmates may not receive any mail, books, or magazines showing explicit sexual conduct. All personal mail coming into and leaving the facility must be by U.S. Mail. Inmates must have prior permission to receive incoming packages. Inmates cannot receive any item that is available through the facility commissary. Authorization must be obtained 5 days before the package is sent. Packages will be opened and searched by the mail officer. This prior authorization does not apply to books and other publications sent from the publisher or from a widely accepted distributor. Acceptable forms of money (money orders or government checks) will be removed from incoming mail and deposited into the inmate's account. Envelopes containing acceptable must be addressed appropriately, with “Inmate Trust Account” Any other mail items included, such as a personal letter or note, will not be delivered and will be returned to the sender. Mailing Address MUST Include “Inmate Trust Account” (If containing a money order or government check) Inmate's Name Pod Location Booking Number P.O. Box 951 Tucson, Arizona 85702 You can find an inmate's pod location and booking number at our Inmate Look-up . Legal Mail All legal mail must be sent in pre-printed/pre-stamped postage envelopes or metered postage. Only loose paper contents are acceptable. Legal mail may not be bound, stapled, or fastened in any manner. Legal mail manila envelopes will be confiscated and destroyed. The Corrections Bureau will provide replacement manila envelopes for storage of legal mail. U.S. Mail All letters must be sent in pre-printed/pre-stamped postage envelopes or metered postage. Letters written with gel pens will no longer be accepted and will be returned to the sender. E-messages Family and friends of inmates can use the ConnectNetwork.com website to create and send e-messages (very similar to emails) to inmates using the ConnectNetwork.com website. To send messages you will need to create an account from the home page. You can do this by going to the following website: www.connectnetwork.com Once on that page, select the option to sign up for a new account. Existing users may simply login using their username and password and then skipping ahead to “Using ConnectNetwork.com” step-1. For step by step instructions on how to create an account and how to send messages follow this link for a detailed walk through http://www.gtl.net/cnmsg/ You are allowed up to 2000 characters per message. It is very important to use a valid email address, as you will receive a confirmation email at that address upon the completion of your account creation. You will not be able to use the account without a valid email address that you own. Cost per e-message is $0.25, half the price of a postage stamp. You can attach appropriate pictures for a nominal cost. You can attach a 15-20 second video for a nominal cost. E-messages will be processed and delivered Monday-Friday. You will need to purchase credits through the connect network email center. They can be reached by contacting (877) 650-4249. Customer Service Information AdvancePay Accounts: (800) 483-8314 Websites: Connect Network or GTL Customer Service :( 866) 230-7761 Fax Number :( 251) 473-2802 Hours of Operation: Monday-Friday, 7 a.m. to 11 p.m., Central Saturday and Sunday, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m., Central Also in this section: Inmate Lookup Pima County Jail Pay a Bond Transfer Money Commissary Ordering Court Information Inmate Property Inmate Visitation Inmate Phone Service Postal Service Report Sexual Misconduct Tablet Services Accessibility Statement: If you encounter any accessibility issues or need assistance accessing information on our site, please contact us at (520) 351-4600 or email questions@ sheriff.pima.gov . We are here to help. © 2026 Pima County Sheriff's Department