Sheriff's Office | Humboldt County, CA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Careers Join our Team Forms Request Records or Permits Inmate Information Humboldt County Correctional Facility Sheriff Homepage Contact Us Address 826 4th St. Eureka, CA 95501 Business Hours Monday – Thursday 8 a.m. – 4 p.m. (open through lunch) Friday 8 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. Phone For Emergencies (call or text): 911 General Questions or to Report a Crime: 707-445-7251 Submit an Anonymous Crime Tip: 707-268-2539 To Report Abuse: Recognize and Report Abuse Email Email the Sheriff Media Requests Email for Media Inquiries Notices & Events Notices Events Notices Current Emergency Alerts <span class="fr-mk" style="display: none;">&nbsp;</span> Click here to view current emergency alerts in a new window. Events June 2026 Su M Tu W Th F Sa 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 There are no published events in current month. View All Events /Calendar.aspx Sheriff Spotlight News Flash Public Comment on Off-Highway Vehicle Grant Application – Coming Soon! The Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office will be seeking public comments on their proposal for the 2027 (G26) State of California Off-Highway Vehicle (OHV) grant program. Read on... Forensic DNA testing identifies remains found 33 years ago In December of 1987 the 70-foot commercial fishing vessel “Midnight Sun” capsized while attempting to enter Humboldt Bay during a storm. Read on... Correctional Deputies Save Choking Inmate’s Life Two Humboldt County correctional deputies saved an inmate’s life last week after successfully performing the Heimlich maneuver. Read on... Unidentified Human Remains Identified On May 1st, 1968, the Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office (HCSO) received a letter in the mail indicating a human skull had been found near Berry Summit. Read on... Forensic DNA testing identifies remains of female found 43 years ago A 43-year mystery has been solved and a family is finally getting closure thanks to a partnership between the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office (HCSO), the California Department of Justice (CA DOJ) and Othram Inc. Read on... Homicide victim identified after 25 years through forensic DNA testing A 25-year mystery has been solved and a family is finally getting closure thanks to a partnership between the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office (HCSO), the California Department of Justice (CA DOJ) and Othram Inc. Read on... HCSO Cold Case Unit closes decades-old missing person investigation through DNA The identity of a man located deceased in the Eel River has finally been determined after 25 years through DNA, thanks to a partnership between the Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office’s Cold Case Unit, the California Department of Justice (CA DOJ) and Othram Read on... HCSO deputies outfitted with cellphone-based body worn cameras Humboldt County Sheriff’s deputies on patrol throughout the county are now equipped with body worn cameras, allowing them to capture interactions with the public. Read on... Celebrating 25 Years of SCOP The year was 1995. Crime was rising in the small town of McKinleyville and Sheriff Dennis Lewis, who had been elected the year prior, was operating a department in the midst of a budget crisis. Read on... Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office Launches Unsolved Cases Database The Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office is pleased to announce the launch of a new online database of unsolved missing persons and suspected homicide cases. Read on... Correctional Deputies save choking inmate’s life Two Humboldt County correctional deputies saved an inmate’s life last week after successfully performing the Heimlich Maneuver. Read on... Text to 9-1-1 Now Available in Humboldt County The Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office is pleased to announce the availability of Text to 9-1-1 for all residents in the county’s unincorporated areas. Read on... “Know Before You Go” this OHV Safety Awareness Week The Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office Off-Highway Motor Vehicle (OHV) Unit encourages the community to “Know Before You Go” this OHV Safety Awareness Week, May 15 – 23, 2021. Read on... Humboldt County Correctional Facility launches Jail-Based Competency Treatment Program On Thursday, November 12, 2020, the Humboldt County Correctional Facility (HHCF) and Wellpath held a ribbon cutting for the county’s newest initiative to address mental illness within the justice system, a Jail-Based Competency Treatment (JBCT) Program Read on... HCSO teams up with local businesses to support shelter animals this Christmas The Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office is teaming up with Safeway and two local businesses to bring holiday cheer to shelter animals as part of Operation Santa Paws. Read on... An Open Letter to Humboldt County: 8 Can't Wait and the HCSO In the last week, the Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office has received numerous inquiries and messages of support regarding the national campaign, 8 Can’t Wait. Read on... /CivicAlerts.aspx At Work in Our Communities Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office Phone Service Disruption The Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office is currently experiencing a disruption to phone service affecting the Eureka Main Station, McKinleyville Station, and Garberville Station. Read on... Kidnapping Investigation On June 23, 2026, at approximately 1:39 p.m., deputies with the Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office were dispatched to the 2200 block of William Ct. in McKinleyville to contact a female who reported she had been kidnapped earlier that day. Read on... Miranda’s Rescue Investigation The Humboldt County Sheriff’s Office, in collaboration with the Humboldt County District Attorney’s Office, California Attorney General’s Office, California Department of Justice, United States Department of Agriculture and Federal Bureau of Investigation Read on... View More /CivicAlerts.aspx Subscribe to Sheriff News Alerts Latest Tweets Tweets by HumCoSO Site Footer Contact Info and Links Search Search Top Searches: Jail Reports , Active Warrants , Animal Control , Transparency Data , Public Records 826 Fourth Street Eureka, CA 95501 Phone: 707-445-7251 Emergencies: 911 Staff Directory Stay Connected Instagram Twitter YouTube Office of Emergency Services Custody Services Division Animal Control Information Complaints and Commendations County Homepage /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Notice under the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA Compliance Web Accessibility Website questions/comments /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow