Home Ellis County Sheriffs Office New Look Wayne McCollum Detention Center Wayne McCollum Detention Center Ellis County Sheriff's Office Law Enforcement Center Ellis County Courthouse Copyright 2026 - Ellis County Sheriffs Office - PWR Trade Template Main Menu Home Contact Us Public Information Officer Sheriff's Office Administration Operation Services Administrative Services Training Calendar Crime Stoppers Explorers Chaplain History of Sheriffs Animal Control Facebook Detention Services About WMDC / Inmate Services Inmate Search Video Visitation TouchPay Inmate Correspondence Inmate Phone Service Inmate Medical Other Information Sex Offenders Identity Theft Packet Serial Number Registry Open Records Requests TxDOT Crash Report Online Compliment or Complaint Ellis County Sheriff's Office Website Welcome to the Ellis County Sheriff's Office website. This is another avenue for us to help keep you informed of what is happening in your County and YOUR Sheriff's Office. Please visit the site often for updates. Mission The mission of the Ellis County Sheriff’s Office is to provide professional public service to the citizens and visitors of Ellis County. United with our community, our staff of innovative professionals steadfast in their integrity will serve the citizens with respect, fairness, compassion, and accountability. We will strive to be known as one of Texas’ finest by applying The Constitution and the Rule of Law while serving our community. We will work to accomplish this mission by adhering to our core values: Ethics, Leadership, Loyalty, Integrity, and Service. Vision Our vision is to provide the highest level of public service to the citizens of Ellis County by working as unified, innovative and dedicated professionals. Message from your Sheriff's Office The Ellis County Sheriff's Office is continually striving to enhance county law enforcement services to you, the community we serve, and this website is just one example of the updating we are doing. It's our goal for you to be able to learn of the services available and to provide contact information should you need help from your Sheriff's Office. Over the past few years, we've had a 60% reduction in the volume of Part 1 crimes – and your Sheriff's Office has the only active narcotics unit in the county to attack local drug issues. We've put more marked units and uniformed deputies on the county roads and highways and have initiated an air wing, marine unit, opened up more beds in the jail, started charging inmates a co-pay for medical services, put more inmates out on county roads picking up trash and started a vegetable garden (worked by inmates), among other accomplishments on your behalf. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to let us know. Our main telephone number is 972-825-4901. Stay Informed Road Closures Burn Ban Outdoor Burning Rules In Texas Unmanned Aircraft Report Employees Only Employee Email Employee Portal Sheriff Brad Norman