Lee State Prison | Georgia Department of Corrections Skip to main content Header Utility Narrow Search this site Enter your keywords Popular searches Mission Statement Organization of the office History Meeting Requests Key Staff Duties of the Office Event Requests Contact Serves: Adult Male Felons and Medium Security 153 Pinewood Drive Leesburg , GA 31763 Primary (229) 759-3110 Fax (229) 759-3065 Additional Information CONSTRUCTED: 1978 CAPACITY: 762 OPENED: 1979 RENOVATED: 2002 VISITATION DAYS / HOURS: HOURS: 9:00AM TO 3:00PM DAYS: Saturdays, Sundays, and State Holidays MISSION: Ensure public safety and effectively house offenders while operating a safe and secure facility.Provide general labor and courtesy details to surrounding counties. Courses and programs taught to afford each offender the opportunity to enter back into society with the tools needed to become a productive citizen thus reducing recidivism. Host facility for the Albany Transitional Center. This facility also operates as a Transfer Hub. HOUSING: Consists of 11 general population units with eight rooms, each containing six beds to a room. Two units consists of 24 rooms each containing four beds to a room. The isolation/segregation unit has a total of 16 cells/32 beds. Four bunks can accommodate offenders who are wheelchair bound. There are 10 beds at the Fire Station for the offender Fire team. This facility also houses a Personnel Recruitment Center, a C.E.R.T. Team, Tactical Squad, Canine Unit and a Fire Station. WORK DETAILS: Albany City, Georgia State Patrol, Department of Transportation, Albany Technical College, Darton College, Fire Station, Composting/Recycling Plant, Oxidation Pond and Maintenance PROGRAMS: Academic: Literacy Remedial, Adult Basic Education, General Education Diploma Counseling: Thinking for a Change, Motivation for Change, Re-Entry Skills Building, Moral Reconation Therapy, Matrix Early Recovery Skills, Matrix Relapse Prevention, Confronting Self, Religious Diversity, Alcoholics Anonymous/Narcotics Anonymous, Active Parenting, Lifers Group, Basic Computer/Typing, Career Center, Family Violence Recreation: General Recreation Religious Activities: Various Worship Services, Faith and Character Based Program Vocational/OJT: Automotive, Carpentry, Small Engine Repair, HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning), Food Preparation, Barber, Laundry, Custodial Maintenance, Building Maintenance, Landscaping, General Office Clerk, Waste Water Treatment, Horticulture DIRECTIONS: DIRECTIONS FROM ATLANTA: Take I-75S to Hwy 300 exit and turn right onto Hwy 300. Keep straight for 24 miles and then turn right onto Hwy 32 to Leesburg. At the first stop sign take a left, cross the railroad tracks and immediately bear right onto U.S. Hwy 19. Go two miles and turn left onto Pinewood Road; Lee State Prison is just past the Lee County Jail on the left.