Sheriff Latah County Home Elected Officials Departments Assessor Auditor/Clerk/Recorder Broadband Coalition Commissioners Coroner Court Assistance Disaster Services District Court DMV Driver Licensing Elections Extension Facilities Fair Grounds Historical Society ITS Noxious Weed Control Parks & Recreation Planning & Building Probation Prosecuting Attorney Sheriff Social Services Solid Waste Surveyor Treasurer Veteran's Services Youth Services Commissions Employment Elections Maps Contact Us Sheriff Sheriff Richard Skiles Latah County's elected Sheriff, provides law enforcement, jail, 911 emergency and county-wide dispatch, and search and rescue services to Latah County on a 24-hour, 365-day-a-year basis. In addition, this office provides service of civil papers, concealed weapons permits, road condition reports, crime prevention, and community service programs Monday through Friday during regular business hours. Salvation Army and American Red Cross assitance referrals are made by this office. For jail visiting hours contact the office for scheduled times. Concealed Weapons Applications are done at the Sheriff's Office. Initial applications will be by walk in, Tuesdays 9:00 am to 1:00 pm and Thursdays 11:00 am to 3:00 pm. Other fingerprinting services will be done by appointment. Mission, Vision, and Values Mission The Latah County Sheriff’s Office is committed to protecting the lives, property and constitutional rights of all, to maintain order and to enforce the law in an ethical and professional manner. We are dedicated to treat people with respect, dignity and compassion. Vision The Latah County Sheriff's Office is committed to being a leader in law enforcement. We will develop the best trained, equipped, and committed professionals who demonstrate the highest standards of performance in partnership with our community. Values Service : We will meet the needs of the public through problem solving, driven by honesty and compassion. Teamwork : We will work as a part of our community, providing open communication to successfully achieve goals together. Accountability : We will lead by example, holding each other and the community to a high standard of integrity and transparency. Respect : We understand the responsibilities we are given and will hold life, families, and individuals in high esteem. We will not be biased and will honor our duties to the community. Notices Drug Tip Hotline To report suspicious activity you think is drug related, call (208) 892-3898. Sheriff Office Forms and Files To view forms please enable JavaScript or update your browser Contact Us × Department Contact Information Phone: Fax: Address: Room: Hours: Email Close Additional Information Civil Office Concealed Weapons Licenses Detention Jail Roster Operations Press Release Notification Service Records Sheriff General FAQ Sheriff Sales Sheriff Sales FAQ Sex Offender Search Towing Requirements Records Request Form VINE (victim notification of offender custody status) Commendation-Complaint Form Sheriff Social × … Close × Press Release Subscription If subscribed to the press release email notification service, you will receive press releases, public service announcements or weekly hot sheet announcements. Please enter you email address in the box below, select subscribe or unsubscribe and then select the Send Request button. Email Subscribe Unsubscribe Thank you for your submission. Close