Sheriff | Wright County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff The Wright County Sheriff’s Office, Deputy recruitment is currently open. We are seeking extraordinary individuals with strong communication skills who are passionate about being involved in the communities they serve. If you are looking for endless opportunities in a progressive well-trained organization, please follow the Wright County Employment-Opportunities site. For more information on what Wright County can offer you along with a message from Sheriff Sean Deringer, please view the recruitment video. Sheriff Recruitment Video Career Interest\Ride Along Application Form (Prospective Deputy Applicants Only) Jail Recruitment Video Wright County Employment-Opportunities The office of sheriff has a history that spans more than 1,300 years, starting in England sometime before the year 700 A.D. Since our system of government is based in large part on English law, the concept of the sheriff was brought to this country by the early colonists. In Minnesota, each of the 87 counties has a sheriff who is elected to office by citizens of their individual counties to a four year term. The sheriff is the chief law enforcement officer within the county. The Wright County Sheriff’s Office is the 3rd largest sheriff’s office in Minnesota. We provide law enforcement services to the unincorporated areas of the county and additionally provide contract law enforcement services for 13 cities. There are five divisions within the Sheriff’s Office: Operations, Patrol, Criminal Investigations, Business Administration and Corrections(Jail). The elected Sheriff, their appointed Chief Deputy and their Command Staff manage the agency as a whole. The Command Staff consists of the Divisional Captains, Divisional Lieutenants, Office Administrator and 911 PSAP Manager. Commitment To Service Wright County’s location just west of the Twin City metropolitan area has contributed to its rapid growth in recent years. The Sheriff’s Office has continued to meet the challenge by providing quality, efficient, cost effective law enforcement services to the citizens of the county. Our organization holds itself accountable to the guiding principles of integrity, professionalism, caring and fairness. Sheriff's Office FAQ's Wright County Citizen Alert System We have launched a new Citizen Alert service that allows us to alert you. You opt-in to enter your contact information and subscribe to notifications you care about based on your location. The information you provide is protected and will not be used for any other purpose How it works When we issue a notification about a potential safety hazard or concern, you will receive a message on the voice or text communication methods that you have registered. If requested for the notification, you can confirm that you have received the message and you will not be contacted by any subsequent methods regarding that particular notification. If you do not confirm, the system will continue to attempt to reach you at all of the contact methods that you have provided. Sign up for Notifications Create an account and add your contact and location information into the Citizen’s Alert system. All information you provide will be kept strictly confidential. Stop Receiving Notifications You can stop receiving at any time by removing your contact information from your profile Sheriff Sean Deringer Wright County Sheriff's Office 3800 Braddock Ave. NE Buffalo, MN 55313 Email *PLEASE NOTE: This Email address does not go directly to Sheriff Deringer. Your message will be read by administrative support staff who will direct your message to the appropriate division. You may experience a delay in receiving a response. PLEASE CALL 911 TO REPORT A CRIME. Map Ph: 763-682-7622 Fx: 763-682-7610 Emergency: 911 24 hour Non-emergency (763) 682-1162 Visit our Facebook Page Hours Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Staff Directory Citizen Feedback Form Demand for Payment of Dishonored Check Notice of Trespass Form Permit to Carry a Pistol Permit to Purchase Transfer a Firearm Firearms Private Party Transfer Form Special Detail Deputy Contract Stop Arm Violation report-fill Minnesota Sheriff's Association Scholarship Public Data Policy 2022 WCSO Public Data Policy 2022 WCSO Data Subject Policy Information Disclosure Request Form Minnesota Level 3 Predatory Offender Information Safe Communities of Wright County BCA Minnesota Missing and Unidentified Persons View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx 3650 Braddock Avenue NE Buffalo, MN 55313 Ph: 763-682-3900 or 800-362-3667 Phone Directory Contact Us Wright County Employee of the Month Nomination Associations Historical Links Sheriff's Jail Roster Employees Elections Surplus Equipment Auctions /QuickLinks.aspx What hours are the Wright County offices open? Where can I find County Buildings? Where can I park when I visit the Government Center? How can I find tax information for my property? /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Jobs Notifications Agendas & Minutes Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow