Official Site of Cache County, Utah - Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Home Bail Clergy Commissary Fingerprinting Mail Money Phone Calls PREA Programs Tours Visitation It is the mission of the Cache County Jail to provide inmate housing while upholding the values and ethics of the Cache County Sheriff’s Office. This will be done by providing a constitutionally acceptable environment that will ensure safety and security to the community, staff, and inmates. The accomplishment of these goals and other mandated court requirements is facilitated through cost-effective management. Qualified staff create a positive atmosphere where participating inmates may advance to a less restrictive environment. It is the responsibility of the Sheriff and his employees to provide services to fulfill the requirements of the United States Constitution, Utah State statutes, and decisions of all courts of jurisdiction. For more information on the Jail Division contact Lieutenant Candice Hatch or Lieutenant Michael Gates Online Bail Payment Cache County now accepts credit and debit card payments through GovPayNet. Payments can be made with a major credit, debit, or prepaid debit card: Please scan the QR code or click the link to make payment. Arrest & Booking: Who’s been booked? (Last 30 days) Please Note: This is an unofficial Bookings Roster. The data is intended for informational purposes only and is not considered an official or authoritative public or legal record. The Cache County Sheriff’s Office does not guarantee that this information is complete or accurate. THIS PAGE IS CURRENTLY NOT AVAILABLE. FOR INFORMATION REGARDING BOOKED INMATES CONTACT US AT (435) 755-1227. Clergy Visits Saturday and Sunday 9:00 am to 9:00 pm Visits by members of the clergy can provide an inmate with needed guidance and advice. The Cache County Jail welcomes clergy members to come and visit members of their congregation; however, there are certain restrictions and rules that do need to be adhered to. Please follow the above dates and times to come and visit as clergy. If you wish to visit outside those hours, you may do so using the video visitation process. Requirements to Visit as a Member of the Clergy: Must bring proof of clergy to the visit. Must be the head of the congregation; i.e., bishop, pastor, priest, stake president, etc. Commissary Personal hygiene items cannot be brought into the jail and must be purchased through commissary. Inmates are provided basic hygiene items when they are initially booked in. They are then able to make purchases from the inmate commissary provided by CBM Managed Services once a week. Commissary is usually ordered on Sunday and delivered Thursday. Items that can be ordered on commissary include: Hygiene items (shampoo, soap, toothpaste, deodorant, etc.) Writing materials (pencils, paper, etc.) Stamps and envelopes Food items Other items Inmates that do not have money on their inmate account are able to order an indigent pack that contains basic hygiene items. There is a limit on commissary orders based on the classification level of the inmate. This is an unofficial Current Inmate List. This list does not include Utah State or Federal Inmates currently housed at the Cache County Jail. Do not use this page unless you understand and agree to Terms of Use. To see the Terms of Use, click here . If you would like to see the Arrest & Booking: Who's been Booked for the last 30 days . . . click here Notice: Starting 5 May 2021, the Cache County Sheriff’s Office may no longer distribute jail/booking photos; therefore, they are no longer available to download. The Utah State Legislature changed the state code in the 2021 Legislative session with House Bill 228 “Jail Photo Distribution Prohibition" . Public Fingerprinting Cache County Jail Our fingerprint machine is curretly out of order and we are not taking appointments for fingerprinting at this time. USU Police Department 1250 North 850 East, Logan (435) 797-1939 Times: By appointment only (schedule through dps.usu.edu) Monday, Thursday, & Friday: 3:00pm - 7:30pm What to Bring: Valid Photo Government ID $25.00 for two cards (additional cost for extra cards) Cash, Check & Debit/Credit Cards North Park Police Department 575 East 2500 North, North Logan (435) 753-7600 Times: By appointment only (No Weekends) What to Bring: Valid Photo Government ID Residents of North Logan & Hyde Park: $12.00 for two cards Non-Residents: $22.00 for two cards Additional cost for extra cards Cash or Check Current Inmate List This is an unofficial Current Inmate List. This list does not include Utah State or Federal Inmates currently housed at the Cache County Jail. The data is intended for informational purposes only and is not considered an official or authoritative public or legal record. The Cache County Sheriff’s Office does not guarantee that this information is complete or accurate. THIS PAGE IS CURRENTLY NOT AVAILABLE. FOR INFORMATION REGARDING BOOKED INMATES CONTACT US AT (435) 755-1227. Inmate Mail All incoming mail, except other specifically approved items, must be no larger than an 8.5 by 11 inches letter (regular paper/no card stock) or in the form of an e-message. Outgoing mail from inmates will be in the form of a postcard or e-message. Mail received other than authorized items will be returned to the sender. Mail must have the sender's full name and complete return address. Mail for inmates need to be sent to the following address: Cache County Jail <Inmate’s Full Name> 1225 W. 200 N., Suite 100 Logan, UT 84321 Mail cannot have glitter, perfume, lipstick, or any obscene material, gang-related, stickers, tattoo patterns, textiles, adhesives, tape, white-out, metallic/glitter pen, crayon, marker, paint, perfume, plastic, rubber, staples, or any metal. Photographs may be mailed to the inmate. (No more than 5 photographs in an envelope) The photographs may not exceed 5 inches by 7 inches in size. The inmate's name and name number must be written on the back of each photograph. Inmates' photographs will be scanned and delivered electronically. Please do not send photographs that you wish to be preserved. After 7 days all incoming mail and photographs, except legal and privileged mail, are disposed of as the inmates have access to that mail in the scanned form. Books and magazines are available through the Jail Library. Should you want to send a specific book to an inmate, it must be directly mailed from a bookstore, publisher, or retail outlet. Nothing can be written in or added to the book. No hardback books are accepted. Once the inmate is released or transferred to another facility, the book becomes part of the Cache County Jail Library. Packages from private residences, businesses, or post office boxes will be returned to the sender. A package is defined as a box or mail item (special delivery, UPS, etc.) larger/thicker than a letter that contains what a reasonable person would observe to be over 100 pages (1/2” thick) of material. Exceptions include pre-approved medical, attorney-client mail marked with the designation of “legal privileged mail” or words to that effect, and softcover books (see books and magazines above). Cache County Jail does not forward mail. Mail for inmates no longer incarcerated at CCJ will be returned to the sender. Inmate Money Money can be placed on an inmate's account at the Cache County Jail or online. An ATM is located in the jail lobby and is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The ATM accepts cash and credit/debit cards. There is a small fee to use the ATM lobby. Money can also be placed on an inmate's account at the Jail Administrative window located in the booking lobby, Monday to Friday, 9:00 am to 4:00 pm, except on legal holidays. Money can also be placed on an inmate's account online at jailatm.com . Upon the inmate's release, any money that remains on an inmate account will be placed on a debit card and released with the inmate. Money may only be put on one inmate's account. Inmate Phone Calls Inmates can make outgoing calls. All inmate outgoing calls are either collect or pre-paid using purchased phone time. Inmates are able to purchase phone time to make non-collect phone calls. Family and friends have the option of setting up an account through NCIC. You can put money on an inmates account or set up your own account on their website at www.ncic.com . Or you can call 800-943-2189 . If you do not wish to receive calls from an inmate, you can put a block on your phone so that they are unable to call you. This can be done by speaking with a member of jail administration ((435) 755-1000). PREA What is PREA? The Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) establishes a zero-tolerance standard against sexual assaults and rapes of inmates. PREA sets the standard that protects the Eighth Amendment rights of federal, state, and local prisoners, making the prevention of sexual assault a top priority. It also increases available data on such acts. The Cache County Sheriff’s Office is committed to a zero-tolerance standard and supports the prosecution of persons who commit acts of sexual misconduct and sexual assault in its facility. The Cache County Sheriff's Office has developed uniform guidelines and procedures to reduce the risk of in-custody sexual assaults and sexual misconduct. You can learn more about PREA at the U.S. Department of Justice website: https://bja.ojp.gov/program/prison-rape-elimination-act-prea/overview PREA Reporting Form If you were the victim of a sexual assault while in custody, or if you know of an incident that occurred while you were in our facility, we urge you to report it by calling 435-755-1000 and asking to speak to a jail supervisor. Your anonymity will be protected. If you fail to report an incident, you could be found to have acted with deliberate indifference towards the victim’s health and/or safety. If you file a false report it could result in criminal charges. All reported incidents will be investigated. Inmate Programs Addiction Recovery Program (ARP) or Heart to Heart ARP / Heart to Heart is a support/recovery group for those whose lives are affected by any type of addictive or compulsive behavior. This is an LDS-sponsored program modeled after twelve-step recovery groups. Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) Alcoholics Anonymous is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience, strength, and hope with each other that they may solve their common problems and help others to recover from alcoholism. The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. There are no dues or fees for AA membership; we are self-supporting through our own contributions. AA is not allied with any sect, denomination, politics, organization, or institution; does not wish to engage in any controversy, neither endorses nor opposes any causes. Our primary purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics to achieve sobriety. Male and female recovering alcoholics volunteer to conduct AA meetings in the Cache County Jail. AA is a 12-step program. We utilize the 12 steps, reliance upon a greater power than ourselves (a higher power, as defined by each individual), and support of the group. Recidivism can be reduced IF the released inmate will seriously consider and then pursue the alternative to a life of alcohol abuse the AA program provides. Alcoholism is recognized as a major social and health problem. In the U.S., it is the third great killer, after heart disease and cancer – in the home, on the job, on the highway. Alcoholism costs the community millions of dollars every year. AA provides a way out. CAPSA The domestic violence course developed by CAPSA is split into sections. The first section is designed to discuss what happened during the abuse. The second section identifies how the abuse happened. This is where we discuss common feelings that victims of domestic violence experience. The third section is focused on what tools victims have or need to be free from domestic violence. The next section is titled, “Where do I go from here?” In it, we discuss healthy relationships as well as self-care. The last section is designed to help the victims decide where to begin and covers such topics as how to deal with change, what keeps us in abusive relationships, and goal-setting. The goal of this course is not only to educate victims of domestic violence but also to help others to know how they can help someone they know to be dealing with these common barriers. Functional Behavior This is a 6-month program designed to reduce conflict in a correctional facility, reduce requests for administrative segregation for safety concerns, and promote more positive functioning in the facility and self-management of issues inmates may face. Cache County jail is the first jail in Utah to offer this Utah Department of Corrections sponsored program. High School High school classes take place daily in the Cache County Jail. Cache High School oversees this program, providing instruction towards earning a diploma. Education is one of the few tools proven to have an impact on crime; the more education you have, the less likely you are to engage in criminal activity. InsideOut Dad InsideOut Dad connects inmate fathers to their families, helping to improve behavior while still incarcerated and to break the cycle of recidivism by developing pro-fathering attitudes, knowledge, and skills, along with strategies to prepare fathers for release. Incarcerated fathers get the tools they need to become more involved, responsible, and committed in the lives of their children -- providing increased motivation for them to get out and stay out. Job Preparation Workshop A team from the Department of Workforce Services provides these workshops to help give individuals the tools needed to be more successful in finding jobs and being successful in our community. Life Skills / Anger Management The Life Skills / Anger Management course is a combined 10-week open enrollment class. Participants spend 4 weeks focusing on anger management and 6-weeks in life skills. Life Skills topics include parenting, communication, job skills, and goal setting. Classes are taught by counselors from Bear River Health. Moral Reconation Therapy (MRT) Moral reasoning is how people make decisions about what they should or should not do in a given situation. Moral Reconation Therapy-MRT fosters moral development in treatment-resistant individuals. NAMI NAMI provides advocacy, education, support, and public awareness so that all individuals and families affected by mental illness can build better lives. Narcotics Anonymous (NA) NA is a nonprofit fellowship or society of men and women for whom drugs have become a major problem. We are recovering addicts who meet regularly to help each other stay clean. This program of complete abstinence from all drugs. There is only one requirement for membership, the desire to stop using. We suggest you keep an open mind and give yourself a break Our program is a set of principles written so simply that we can follow them in our daily lives. The most important thing about them is that they work. Parenting Class Presented by Child and Family Support Center. Project REALITY Project REALITY is a program created by inmates at the Cache County Jail. The overall objective is to convey the risks of engaging in dangerous behavior by allowing actual inmates to present their life experiences. This is not “Scared Straight.” The inmates involved in this program are committed to educating the people of this community and initiating thought that will prevent young men and women from making harmful choices. All presentations take place at the Sheriff’s Complex; a virtual tour of the facility is available prior to meet with the inmates. The court-ordered Project REALITY session will be held on the 3rd Wednesday of each month starting at 6 PM. Attendees should meet in the main lobby of the Sheriff's Complex. For more information, or to schedule a presentation, please contact the responsible deputy at 435-755-1222 Religious Services Several different denominations offer wee3ly religious services to the inmates, including some in Spanish. Religious services are available to county, state, and federal inmates in most classifications. Substance Abuse The Substance Abuse course is an 11-week open enrollment class. Topics range from defining the disease of addiction to thinking errors, to how emotions are affected by drug and alcohol use. Class participants also discuss losses from their use and relapse prevention. Classes are taught by counselors from Bear River Health. Thinking for a Change This class is taught under the direction of the National Institute for Corrections. It is for Utah State Prison Inmates housed at the Cache County Jail. The class focuses on three concepts: social skills, cognitive self-change, and problem-solving skills. Inmates are taught to identify high-risk thoughts and feelings in a conflict. They then brainstorm new thinking to replace the high-risk thinking. Hopefully, this becomes habit and they can learn to avoid reacting to conflict in a manner that previously landed them in a custody situation. Group Tours Tours take place in a classroom by tapping into the jail's many live cameras. Participants will learn about the demographics and daily functions of the jail. Jail tours are available by appointment. Please call 435-755-1222 for more information and/or to schedule your group's tour. Visitation Information & Rules The visiting week will be Sunday through Saturday. Visitors will have the option of coming to the Cache County Jail for a free on-site visit, or may opt to create an account and have the ability to visit remotely for a fee. On-site visiting hours and limitations: 8:00 am to 12:00 pm and again 6:30 pm to 9:00 pm, Monday through Friday. 8:00 am to 5:30 pm and again from 6:30 pm to 9:00 pm on Saturday through Sunday. 2 free visits will be allowed on-site each week with each visiting period being 20 minutes long. The visiting week is Sunday to Saturday. Visitors will need to schedule on-site visits at least 24 hours in advance. This can be done by going to www.ncic.com . Visits may be denied due to facility operations issues, security threats, etc. Visits will not be allowed if active protective orders, stalking injunctions, etc. exist between the visitor and the inmate. Visitors may not visit if they were booked or housed at the Cache County Jail within 30 days of the visit. Visitors under the age of 18 must be accompanied by their parent or legal guardian. Visitors over the age of 16 must present a photo ID before beginning the visit. For visitors 16 - 18 years of age, this may be a school ID card or other similar types of ID. For visitors 18 years and older, the photo ID must be a valid government document: i.e., driver's license, state ID card, passport, etc. Parents must be in control of their children at all times. Do not allow children to play on stools, visiting kiosks, etc. Parents who fail to maintain control of their children may be asked to leave the visiting area. No food or drink is allowed in the visiting room. No cell phones are allowed in the visiting room. Remote visiting hours and limitations: 8:00 am to 9:00 pm, Sunday through Saturday. One visiting period per day, up to 7 visits per week. Visiting periods maybe twenty to forty minutes long. Fees do apply for remote visiting. Prior to scheduling a remote visit, individuals must go to the NCIC website at www.ncic.com to complete an online application. Once this application has been approved by the Cache County Jail, visitors may schedule their remote visits through the same website. The account holder must be present at the beginning of each remote visit. Visits will not be allowed between visitors and inmates who have active protective orders, stalking injunctions, etc. Fees paid for remote visits are non-refundable. The jail is not liable for lost funds due to visits that did not occur due to security issues, disciplinary issues, etc. Failure to follow rules set by the Cache County Jail may result in a person's online account being denied. Rules for both on-site and remote visits: Visitors and inmates may not engage in sexually explicit behavior. This includes nudity, sexually explicit conversation/hand gestures, etc. Visitors are required to be fully clothed and may not wear sexually suggestive clothing. This includes see-through clothing, etc. No phones or other electronic devices are allowed during visits. Screenshotted photos as well as any other photos taken during visits are prohibited and can result in suspension to the visiting program. Any communication that is deemed to threaten the safety and security of the facility (information on transports, movement, etc.) will result in the visit being terminated. Visitors who violate rules with regards to visiting will have their visiting privileges suspended. Visiting is not an unfettered right, and as such, visitors who violate rules can have their access to the visiting program suspended indefinitely. All visits, on-site and remote, are done through the video visitation system. There are no in-person visits. Inmates are not eligible for visits until at least 3 business days after arriving in the jail.