County Jail | Alamosa County, CO Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff County Jail County Jail County Jail The Sheriff's Department operates the county jail. To see if someone is in the county jail, you may call 719-589-6608. Money may be deposited into a commissary account for an inmate at the Inmate Canteen . Rules for Inmates and Visitors Inmates are only allowed white clothing, underwear, t-shirts, etc. Any other color clothing will not be accepted. All visitors must have a picture ID and be cleared for warrants through the detention deputy on duty All visitors must be fully dressed in appropriate, conventional clothing which is not unduly provocative, suggestive, or revealing. All minor children must be properly supervised by a responsible adult at all times. Any person who smells of alcohol and/or appears to be intoxicated, or who appears to be on/under the influence of any drugs shall not be admitted. Legal Rights Related to Posting Money Bond, Pursuant to Section 16-4-102, C.R.S. Bond fees, booking fees, and other fees or debts never need to be paid to secure a persons release on money bond. A payor need only pay the bond amount in order to secure release. While never a basis to hold a defendant in jail, the following fees are chargeable as a debt to the defendant after release if the payor chooses not to pay the fees at the time of bonding: A $10 bond fee and a maximum 3.5 % credit card payment fee. No other bond-related fees may be charged at any time, including kiosk fees or fees for payment by cash, check, or money order. Bond payments are to be made out to the holding county and are never to be made out in the name of the incarcerated person. A sheriff must/shall release a defendant within six hours after a personal recognizance bond is set and the defendant has returned to jail or within six hours after a cash bond has been set and the defendant has returned to jail and the defendant or surety notified the jail that bond is prepared and posted, unless extraordinary circumstances exist. In the event of a delay of more than six hours, a surety and the defendant have a right to know what, if any, extraordinary circumstance is causing the delay. Supervisory conditions of release do not justify a delay in release; except that a sheriff may hold a defendant for up to 24 hours if necessary to ensure a defendant is fitted with required electronic monitoring. Anyone who posts a money bond has a right to receive a copy of the bond paperwork, including documentation of the next upcoming court date. A surety may never be asked to use posted bond money to pay a defendant's debts. Only when defendants have posted their own money bond may they be asked if they would like to voluntarily relinquish bond money to pay their debts. Relinquishment of bond money by a defendant to pay a debt is never required and is entirely a voluntary choice by the defendant. To file a complaint for a violation of any of the above: By email By phone: 719-589-6608 In person: During lobby business hours, ask for a Supervisor For persons in custody: ask to speak with the on-duty supervisor Deposit Funds for an Inmate Bonding Information (PDF) View All Quick Links /QuickLinks.aspx Job Opportunities Property Taxes Property Search Let Us Know 8900 Independence Way Alamosa, Colorado 81101 Phone: 719-589-4848 Department Directory Employee Intranet Digital Budget Book Board of County Commissioners Assessor Clerk & Recorder Treasurer & Public Trustee /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow