Sheriff’s Office | Daviess County, IN Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Sheriff’s Office Sheriff’s Office Mission The primary mission of the Daviess County Sheriff’s Office is to provide a safe and secure environment for our residents and those who visit here. We will provide the highest quality public safety services in an effort to make Daviess County the safest county in the nation. Our Sheriff’s Office will make every contact with the community a positive one, a contact that places us a step closer to a friendship with everyone we meet. Message from the Sheriff As your Sheriff, I am both honored and privileged to serve the citizens of Daviess County. The responsibility of the Sheriff’s Office is to supply professional, ethical, and responsive law enforcement to all of the citizens, businesses, and guests of Daviess County. The goal of this website is to help us meet that responsibility by informing our residents about the Sheriff’s Office and the services that we provide. The Daviess County Sheriff’s Office is a full-service law enforcement agency that includes Road Patrol, Water Patrol, Dive Team, Search & Rescue, Strategic Response Team, CSI, Investigations, Warrants, Courthouse Security, Civil Process, and Jail Division. Please search the website for additional details regarding each division and the services they offer. My office personally values the safety and security of all of our citizens. The deputies and staff of our Sheriff’s Office are always striving to meet the commitments of their assigned duties, to be responsible for their actions, and accountable to the citizens they serve. If you have questions or comments regarding the Sheriff’s Office and our services, please do not hesitate to contact us. Thank you for visiting our website. Sincerely, Sheriff Gary Allison Contact Us Gary Allison Sheriff Email Gary Allison Sheriff's Office Email the Sheriff’s Office Physical Address View Map 101 NE 4th Street Washington , IN 47501 101 NE 4th Street Washington IN 47501 Directions Phone: 812-254-1060 Directory Daviess County Sheriff Facebook Page Sheriff Sales Sex Offender Registry View All /QuickLinks.aspx Notify Me® Parcel Search Meetings on Youtube Daviess County Indiana Courthouse - 200 E. Walnut St. Government Center - 300 E. Hefron St. Washington, IN 47501 Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow