Send mail or order commissary items for a person in jail | San Francisco Sheriff's Department Skip to main content Talk live to a recruiter Translate English English Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Filipino Russian Spanish Vietnamese Search Search Send mail or order commissary items for a person in jail You can send letters and printed material to a person in jail with some restrictions. You may also order commissary items from the Sheriff’s Office’s approved online vendor and send them to a person in jail. PLEASE NOTE: Monday, 2/24/25- Saturday, 3/1/25 at 7 am all Commissary purchases will be suspended. In this page: How to send mail What not to send Ordering commissary items How to send mail You must use the U.S. Postal Service to send mail to a person in jail Your mail cannot be larger than 8-½ inches by 14 inches Only a publisher can send books, newspapers, and magazines to a person in jail Books must be sent directly from the book publisher (no Amazon deliveries). They cannot send more than three items in one mailing You may send cashier’s checks, certified checks and money orders from U.S. banks drawn on U.S. currency. The total amount cannot be more than $100 You may not send cash or a personal check We check mail The Sheriff’s Office will open and search mail to make sure it follows the law and all jail rules. We will only open legal mail in front of the incarcerated person. Legal mail includes written communication from: City, county, state, and federal officials; Attorneys; legal representatives; courts; or Prisoner Legal Services. The Sheriff’s Office keeps any mail that breaks the law or jail rules. We will send it to our Criminal Investigations Unit for review. Delivering mail The Sheriff’s Office will only deliver mail to the person who is named in the address and is currently incarcerated. We forward unopened mail to the person if they have moved to another jail or prison location. If we have released the person from our jail, we return the mail to the sender. If there is no return address, we return the mail to the U.S. Postal Service. Please use the following information to address your envelopes: County Jail #2 Last Name, First Name, SF number ( Look up the person in jail to find their SF Number) San Francisco County Jail #2 425 Seventh Street San Francisco, CA 94103 County Jail #3 Last Name, First Name, SF number San Francisco County Jail #3 1 Moreland Drive San Bruno, CA 94066 What not to send The San Francisco Sheriff’s Office may return any mail that does not follow our guidelines for sending mail to a person in jail. We may also hold unapproved mail for the incarcerated person and give it to them when they leave jail. This includes but is not limited to the following: Items, which cannot be searched without destroying the item Items made of metal, wood, plastic, cloth, or cardboard Postage stamps Stationery items (you may purchase stationery from the commissary) Items larger than 8-½ inches by 14 inches Cash and personal checks Polaroid photos Mail containing more than 20 photos Photo(s), drawing(s), etc. showing sexual activity More than three books, magazines, or newspapers in one mailing. Books, magazines, or newspapers must be sent directly from the publisher Books, magazines, or newspapers that were not sent through the U.S. Postal Service from the publisher Clothing, hair, posters, jewelry, glitter, lottery tickets, stickers, food, magnets, and identification cards. The Sheriff’s Office will keep and investigate mail which contains the following but is not limited to: Photos showing gang activity or any unlawful activity Material that tends to incite murder, arson, riot, violent racism, or other forms of violence Any “how to” magazines on weapons or items that could be used in an escape attempt A person in jail cannot keep more than a total of 10 books, magazines, or newspapers at one time Ordering commissary items You may order commissary or jail store items through the Sheriff’s Office approved online vendor. The vendor will deliver your items. This is the only approved way to send store items to a person in jail. Please click here to order commissary items online. You must create an account, know the incarcerated person’s name or eight-digit wristband number, and use a credit card to pay for the items. The incarcerated person can spend and receive up to $100 in commissary items each week. PLEASE NOTE: Monday, 2/24/25- Saturday, 3/1/25 at 7am all Commissary purchases will be suspended . During this time, incarcerated persons will receive a care package with toiletries and other food items. Financial services will shut down 2/26/25 and will resume 3/1/25 at 7am. During this period, no money will be added to or disbursed from incarcerated persons' accounts via kiosks or inmates' books. Any incoming checks, money orders, etc., will be held and deposited on inmates' books on 3/1/25. New operational kiosks will be available at 425 7th St. and San Bruno Jail 3/1/25. Send mail or order commissary items for a person in jail | San Francisco Sheriff's Department Get Help Order a care package online for a person in jail icaregifts.com &nbsp; San Francisco Sheriff's Office Facebook Twitter Instagram Vimeo Compliment a Deputy File a complaint Contact Us Talk live to a recruiter Our job is to keep people safe. Intake & Release In County Jail #2 In County Jail #3 At City Hall In Court At the Hospital In Our Community Call 9-1-1 in case of life-threatening emergencies or to report a crime. Prepare for an Emergency Victim Notification Network (VINE) Megan’s Law Public Notices San Francisco Sheriff History City and County of San Francisco