Corrections | Ontario County, NY - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Your Government Public Safety Sheriff Bureaus Corrections Corrections Visitor Information Persons with flu virus, respiratory infections, sore throats, fevers, skin infections, vomiting and diarrhea should not come in for a visit. If you’ve been sick or recently around someone who is ill, we kindly ask that you postpone your visit until you’ve been symptom-free for 48 hours. To learn more about visitations, see the corrections frequently asked questions . Mission Statement The Ontario County Jail, as a unit of the Office of the Sheriff, supports and is supported by the mission of the Department. The Jail is part of the Community. The Community is part of the Jail. The Correction staff, support staff, and service providers are committed to meet the standards of the community in a combined effort to promote safety, security, and opportunities for rehabilitation. Our values include respect, responsibility, honesty, and caring for others and ourselves. This mission is enhanced by the design and philosophy of Direct Supervision, our operational model. Responsibilities The responsibility of the Corrections Division is to operate a safe and secure detention facility in conformance with the New York State Corrections Law and with regulations promulgated by the New York State Commission of Corrections. All functions relating to the Ontario County Jail are under the direct supervision of the Chief Corrections Officer. These functions include: Administration - Led by the Chief Correction Officer and two Corrections Lieutenants Jail Division - Staffed by 9 Corrections Sergeants , 79 corrections officers, and 15 part-time corrections officers Court Security Division - Staffed by nine full-time corrections officers and two part-time corrections officers under the direction of a corrections sergeant who is designated as court security supervisor Food and Laundry Service Division - Staffed by four jail cooks under the direction of a jail cook / manager Medical Division - Staffed by one part-time jail physician, one nurse practitioner, one nurse supervisor, six registered nurses, and one office specialist David Cirencione Ontario County Sheriff Contact Us Emergency: 911 Call if you can Text if you can't Facebook - Instagram - Twitter PREA: What you need to know Inmate Telephone Service Guide for Friends & Family Jail History Sheriffs Emergency Response Team Victim Hotline New York State Department of Correctional Services View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx How do I make an appointment to visit someone in jail? ¿Cómo puedo hacer una cita para visitar a alguien en la cárcel? Can someone tell me the condition of an inmate? View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx Use of Force Policy Police Reform-Reinvention Collaborative Plan Ontario County Government Ontario County Sheriff | 74 Ontario Street | Canandaigua, NY 14424 | Non-Emergency: 585-394-4560 | Emergency: 911 | Contact Site Map Mission, Vision & Core Values Accessibility Privacy Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow