Pike County Sheriffs Office Ohio news Releases Inmate Information Careers Project S.I.R Contact Us Emergency: Call or Text 911 Phone Number: 740-947-2111 Extensions: Dispatch: 1 Corrections: 2 Records: 3 Detectives: 4 Tip Line: 5 Accounts payable: 6 Impound: 8 Snow Levels: 9 cOME SEE US 14050 US HIGHWAY 23 WAVERLY , OHIO 45690 UNITED STATES 14050 US-23, Waverly, OH, United States Meet the Sheriff! My office and I are dedicated to serving the citizens of Pike County, Ohio with the up most excellence, while being committed to honesty, integrity, and professionalism. The Pike County Sheriff’s Office is an organization of caring law enforcement professionals who preserve peace, reduce crime, and protect the rights, lives, and property of all citizens with fairness and compassion. We achieve this mission through coordination and collaborative efforts with federal, state, and local agencies who assist in providing us with the highest level of resources. Respectfully, Tracy D. Evans, Sheriff Snow Levels Explained No Level – Roadways are clean and safe to travel Road Advisory – Some roads are snow and ice covered. Use caution while driving Level 1 – Roads are snow and ice covered. Roadways are hazardous. Drive with Caution Level 2 – Roadways are hazardous and snow and ice covered. Only those who feel it is necessary to drive should be out on the roadways. Contact your employer to see if you should report to work. Level 3 – All roadways are closed to non-emergency personnel. No one should be out during these conditions unless it is absolutely necessary to travel. All employees should contact their employer to see if they should report to work. Those traveling on the roadways are subject to arrest. Subscribe Subscribed Pike County Sheriffs Office Ohio Join 102 other subscribers Sign me up Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. Pike County Sheriffs Office Ohio Subscribe Subscribed Sign up Log in Report this content View site in Reader Manage subscriptions Collapse this bar