Tooele County – Sheriff's Office Search: Filter results: everything posts pages listings events galleries documents people Sheriff Paul J. Wimmer The Tooele County Sheriff’s Office is committed to serving the public. We hope you find useful information to help make your family and neighborhood stronger and safer, and to improve upon our already wonderful quality of life in this county. The Sheriff’s Office is committed to partnering with you to make Tooele County the best and safest place to live, work and play. Chief Deputy Brian White Mission Statement The Tooele County Sheriff’s Office maintains the highest standards of public safety, services and professionalism to all citizens of Tooele County and those within our detention center. We are committed to the protection of the constitutional rights of all. We strive for excellence and are committed to applying community based policing and open communication and collaboration with our community. Our Core Values To demonstrate our commitment to our profession and to the public, all employees, of the Tooele County Sheriff’s Office subscribe to the following values: Ethics, Protection of Rights, Professional Service, Teamwork, Innovation and Creativity. Ethics Our badge is a symbol of public faith, and we accept it as a public trust to be held so long as we are true to the ethics of public service. Protection of Rights We are committed to the protection of constitutional rights of all. Professional Service We will provide professional, prompt and courteous service, unbiased and effective in our response to any community concern. Teamwork We believe that the public is best served when employees work cooperatively as a team and with all of our community partners who share in our mission and core values. Innovation and Creativity We value the talents, creativity, and contributions of all employees, who are encouraged to think creatively in solving community problems. Policy 469 ALPRs LPR Special Use Permit Policy 1039 Outside Employment Policy 450 Portable Audio/Video Recorders Employment Inmate Roster Fire Warden Press Release Request Forms Public Services Hire an Off Duty Deputy Local/State Crime Data Contact Us Links EMERGENCY CALL 9-1-1 Non-Emergency (435) 882-5600 Main Address: Tooele County Sheriff 1960 S. Main Tooele, UT 84074 435.882.5600 Substation: 200 Millpond Stansbury Park, UT 84074 435.843.4728 Leave A Tip