Adams County Sheriff's Office - Jail Division Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Adams County Sheriff's Office Adams County Sheriff's Office JAIL DIVISION Electronic Monitoring Rules / Agreement The jail is staffed by 1 Jail Administrator, 4 Jail Sergeants, and 13 Jail Deputies. The jail also uses part-time Transport Deputies for inmate transports. ADMINISTRATION Jail Administrator Melissa Simcakowski melissa.simcakowski@co.adams.wi.us ( 608) 339-4245 JAIL VISITATION ​ ​ We are now offering video visitation and messaging. Information about video visitation can be found here . You must call the jail to schedule an in-person appointment to visit an inmate.​ VISITATION HOURS Saturday and Sundays: 8:30am 10:00am 2:30pm 7:15pm Wednesdays: 6:30pm 7:15pm 8:00pm Inmate property will be accepted for an inmate during visitation. If you are not scheduled to visit, you may send property through the mail addressed to an inmate: ​In care of Inmate Name Adams County Jail 401 Adams St Suite 1 Friendship, WI 53934 How Does Commissary Work? Stellar Services, LLC is the provider for the Adams County Jail’s commissary. Inmates can order items from the commissary using the kiosks, or family members can place orders for them. All orders must be submitted by Tuesday night without any exceptions. Commissary orders are processed and packed on Wednesday and delivered on Thursday of each week, excluding holidays. Inmates are required to sign for their commissary orders. If an inmate is not available to sign for their order, it will be placed in their property. If the inmate has been released, they must pick up their order within 30 days. Family and friends can deposit money or order commissary items for an inmate by visiting JailATM. If you have any questions or concerns regarding your online commissary order, please contact the customer service team at 870-627-5476 or https://stellar-services.net/inmate-family-friends-services/ How To Deposit Money Into an Inmate Account? To deposit money into an inmate's account, go to https://deposits.jailatm.com/webdeposits If you experience any issues, call 1-877-810-0914. How Do I Bail Someone Out of Jail? You can bail an inmate out of jail by appearing in person at the Adams County Sheriff's Office, 401 Adams St, Friendship. The jail accepts cash, money orders or cashier’s checks for all bail. Out-of-county money orders and cashier’s checks will be verified for authenticity. Any inmate going through the Adams County Court system can be bailed out by using a Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card, Diner's Club or American Express credit card, if credit is approved. If you would like to post bail online, please visit: www.govpaynow.com . A booking number is required along with our Pay Location code of 1042. It is up to the courts whether or not they return any of the bail money. Adams County Jail 401 Adams Street Friendship, WI 53934 (608)339-4239 Report abuse Report abuse