Sheriff - Hubbard County, MN Skip to main content Search Search facebook youtube instagram For Emergency Assistance Always Dial 9-1-1 Reminder: If your conversation can begin with "This is not an emergency"; you should not be using the 911 line, but should be calling 732-3331 You could be preventing someone with a real emergency from getting help! In Custody list Administration Applications/Permits Corrections: INMATE VISITATION Corrections/Communications Document Center Emergency Management FAQ's Hubbard County Emergency Notification System (Everbridge) Law Enforcement Scholarship Program Patrol MN POST Model Policies Probation Home Sheriff PLEASE NOTE: The Hubbard County Sheriff's Administrative Office has relocated. To access our office please enter through the Human Services entrance located at the southeast end of the Law Enforcement Center. Our new entrance is temporary throughout the construction process. Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. Mission Statement: To protect and serve the residents and visitors of Hubbard County in a manner that ensures a safe environment in which to live, work and visit without regard to religion, color, sex or nationality. The Sheriff’s Office primary concern is the safety and well-being of all persons and property in Hubbard County. It operates on a 24 hour per day, 365 days per year basis. This office provides many services, including the pursuit and apprehension of persons who have committed felonies, investigation of crimes and accidents, searching for missing persons, patrolling county roads and lakes, and providing traffic control. This office also serves warrants, commitment papers and court orders. The Sheriff is the chief law enforcement authority in the county. This is an elected position. His office is located at the Law Enforcement Center, just to the north of the Government Center and the historic Courthouse. The Law Enforcement Center houses the Sheriff’s Office and the Hubbard County Jail. Services and Responsibilities: Provide full range of law enforcement services for all unincorporated areas of Hubbard County. Provide Traffic Law Enforcement – respond to calls for service, investigate motor vehicle accidents, and provide traffic enforcement. Enforce boating regulations throughout the county and investigate drowning incidents in the county. Provide crime prevention and education services to the general public. Investigate all violent and mysterious deaths and assist the County Coroner in determining the cause of death. Provide investigative services and preparation for prosecution by the County Attorney for all crimes including the specialty areas of juvenile issues, illegal narcotics, substance trafficking, and welfare fraud. Service of Civil Process including Sheriff’s sales, special orders from the court, and all arrest warrants emanating from the court system. Work child abuse investigations jointly and separately with Hubbard County Social Services. Answer all emergency and non-emergency requests for police, fire and ambulance services in Hubbard County and dispatching all emergency response units in the county. Provide security in the courtrooms and adjacent areas. Provide transportation for committed patients and prisoners. Administration and operation of the county jail. Provide mutual aid for all other law enforcement agencies in the county and surrounding areas. Operate and maintain computer connection to the state and federal government’s computer system, furnishing to the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension statistics and information regarding the number of crimes reported and discovered, arrests made, and disposition of cases to the many State and Federal agencies requiring this information. Mailing Address: 301 Court Avenue Park Rapids, MN 56470 Physical Address: 203 Court Avenue Park Rapids, MN 56470 Contact us at 218-732-3331 or Toll Free 888-732-3332 Cory Aukes Sheriff (218) 732-3331 cory.aukes@co.hubbard.mn.us Scott Parks Chief Deputy (218) 732-2509 scott.parks@co.hubbard.mn.us Dee Persons Office Administrator (218) 732-2518 dee.persons@co.hubbard.mn.us Johanna Gilbertson Administrative Assistant (Gun Permits) (218) 732-2519 johanna.gilbertson@co.hubbard.mn.us Christina Sweere Administrative Assistant (Civil Process/Data Requests) (218) 732-2511 christina.sweere@co.hubbard.mn.us Victim Services The Minnesota State Victim Notification Service (VINE) is a service through which victims of crime can use the telephone or Internet to search for information regarding their offender’s custody status and register to receive telephone and e-mail notification when the offender’s custody status changes. This service is brought to you by the Hubbard County Sheriff's Office. The VINE toll-free number for Minnesota VINE is 1-877-664-8463 or Register online by visiting the Minnesota Vine Website . Branches of the Sheriff's Office The Sheriff’s Office consists of three major branches: Administration Patrol Communications/Corrections