General Rules and Guidelines for Incoming and Outgoing Mail 
at the Clinton County Correctional Facility 
Wardens Note:  It is the goal of the Clinton County Correctional Facility to help facilitate the detainee 
population with its interest in communicating with others and to provide an avenue for obtaining approved 
reading materials and necessary items not available at the facility.  Our primary goal however is in providing a 
safe and secure facility for staff and detainees.  With these goals in mind and hav ing i dentified methods 
utilized by detainees to intr oduce c ontraband into the facility, the following policy and procedures have been 
developed to achieve our goals.  This policy will continue to be updated as needed to address safety and 
security needs.  Incoming and  outgoing mail to  a person or  entity may be  read by the prison ward en an d/or 
designee if reasonable grounds exist to believe that receipt of the mail is likely to jeopardize prison security or 
public safety and welfare, or both. 
General Guidelines 
All incoming and outgoing mail will be screened for contraband.  Any mail containing or meeting a restriction 
listed in this policy will be returned to the  sender.  In addition, whe n appropriate, prosecution will be pursued. 
Mail that does not have a co mplete address or r eturn address will be returned to sender.  A complete address 
includes the first and last name and the full address.  Mail addressed to a detainee needs to have the following 
information regarding the detainee: 
Detainee Name & Facility I.D. Number 
58 Pine Mountain Road 
         P.O. Box 419 
McElhattan, PA  17748 
“NEW”…  Effective August 31, 2020, standard postal mail addressed to detainees held at the Clinton 
County
 Correctional Facility MUST be mailed to: 
Detainee Name & Facility I.D. Number 
 c/o Smart Communications
PO Box 1907
Pinellas Park, FL 33780
6 All mail will be scanned in to the system for detainees to  view on th e Securus t erminal and SecureView 
T
ablet.  If pic tu res are included and the se nder w o uld l i ke  them returned, they MUST in clude a s t amped, 
self-addressed envelope. 
The following items will NOT BE ACCEPTED at the “new” address li sted a bove: 
• Legal
 Mail
• Approved Packages
• US Postal Service Money Orders (no letter included)
The items listed directly above will continued to be mailed directly to the facility. 
Any personal mail received at the Clinton County Correctional Facility after 9/18/19 will be returned to 
sender. 
Mail may be prohibited by the Warden or designee due to concerns for the safety and security of the facility.  
Reasons for mail being refused may include, but not limited to, the following criteria:  third party mail, 
correspondence with any prohibited party, introduction of contraband or mail not meeting the criteria listed 
under restrictions.  If mail policy is violated, it may result in the elimination or close scrutiny of an individual’s 
mail until it is determined that further violations will not occur.

All mail will be opened and examined for contraband.  If contraband is discovered, when appropriate, steps 
will be taken to prosecute both the mailer and the detainee recipient.  Pa Code Title 18, Chapter 51, 
subsection 5123 Contraband makes it illegal for the introduction of contraband into a correctional facility 
and provides for a mandatory minimum sentence of at least 2 years.   
NO postage due or COD mail will be accepted. 
When a mailing is deemed to be unauthorized for delivery to a detainee, ALL the contents of the mailing will 
be returned to sender. 
Incoming Mail  
All mail must contain a complete mailing address and return address or it will be returned to the sender and 
also MUST be sent to the address in Lebanon, MO  65536.  A complete address must contain the following; 
first and last name, street address and/or P.O. Box, city, state and zip code.  Mail addressed to a detainee 
must also contain the detainees booking number.   
All mail for detainees who are temporarily released to another facility will be opened, searched and logged.  
When appropriate, it will be given to Records to be placed in the detainee’s permanent file or placed in 
property storage until the detainee returns to our facility. 
In an effort to control the introduction of drugs and other contraband into the facility, certain restrictions will 
exist on incoming mail.  These restrictions are the direct result of the discovery of such contraband as liquefied 
drugs and other substances being mailed into the facility.  The housing unit officer will issue the detainee the 
contents of the envelope and return all envelopes for disposal.  If the return address is needed by the 
detainee, it will available upon the request of the detainee at the time mail is handed out. 
Additional restrictions
 may be imposed upon the discovery of new attempts to introduce contraband into the 
facility.  If mail is received in violation of any of the following restrictions, it will be return to sender or 
destroyed at the detainee’s expense. 
 Magazine and/or newspaper clippings, laminated items, internet printouts, photocopies, envelopes,
stamps or any other item not authorized for detainee possession.
 Any packaging considered unacceptable due to a security concern (i.e. Tyvek, plastic, padded or
cardboard envelopes or boxes) are not permitted.  Hard plastic or metal bindings are not permitted.
 Cash, personal checks or money orders other than from the U.S. Post Office.
 Any material that depicts or describes methods for the construction or use of weapons, ammunition,
bombs or incendiary devices.
 Any material that depicts, encourages or describes methods of escape from the facility or contains blue
prints, drawings or similar descriptions of any jail.
 Any material that depicts or describes the procedures for manufacturing drugs or for the brewing of
alcohol.
 Any material that depicts, displays or is drawn to promote or represent gang graffiti, illicit activities or
recruit members.
 Any material that depicts a written code.
 Any material that depicts, describes or encourages activities, which may lead to the use of physical
violence or group disruption.
 Any identification (i.e. driver’s license).
 Any material that encourages or instructs in the commission of criminal activity.
 Any material that advocates violence of any kind or promotes hatred towards any group.
 Any material, sexual or otherwise, which by nature or content poses a threat to the security, good
order or discipline of the institution.

 No articles deemed pornographic shall be permitted within the facility.  Pornography shall be defined
as; sexually explicit behavior whether it be written, graphic, any form of communication or nudity.
Nudity is defined as showing any male or female genitals and/or pubic area and/or nipple.  Exposure of
any of the previously listed areas through “see through” materials is considered nudity.
 Contains any obscene material.
 Medication (of any kind), hygiene products, creams, lotions, food, etc.
 Any other mailings determined to be in appropriate or contrary to the best interest of operations as
deemed by the Warden.
NOTE:  To ensure that your mail is received by the detainee.  You are advised not to alter the material used to 
write or mail you.  The above list is to give you an outline of unapproved mailings and is not meant to be all 
inclusive as that is impossible to list everything. 
Legal Mail 
All legal mail must be identified on the envelope clearly indicating that the correspondence is legal mail.  Legal 
mail is defined as any piece of mail that is addressed to or from the following:  
 Any practicing attorney
 A judge who serves in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or any judge who serves on the Federal
Branch or any administrative agency including all Appellate Court Judges.
 Attorney General
 District Attorney of any county in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
 Any Court from any jurisdiction in the United States.
ALL legal mail will be opened and inspected for contraband in the presence of the detainee. 
Packages 
Packages are ONLY accepted with the proper approved paperwork.  Any packages received without the proper 
approved paperwork are subject to return to sender.  Only the approved items will be accepted once the 
package arrives at the facility.  If items are sent in that were and/or are not approved, the whole package will 
be return to sender.  Under NO
 circumstances are cell phones to be sent into the facility. 
Books and magazines are not permitted to be sent in to the facility. 
Newspapers must be submitted for and approved in advance, then will be ordered by the facility for the 
specified amount of time.  
UPDATED 8/31/20