County Sheriff - Law Enforcement | Braxton County, WV top of page Braxton County Sheriff - Law Enforcement HOW DO I... Email Sheriff DellaMea Concealed weapon permit Visit the courthouse Call non-emergency 911 Like Braxton County Sheriff's Facebook Phone Directory Sheriff of Braxton County Lou DellaMea [email protected] 304-765-2830 Fax: 304-765-3241 Term: 4 years Braxton County Sheriff 300 Main Street (Located on 1st floor of the courthouse) PO Box 546 Sutton, WV 26601 Sheriff of Braxton County Lou DellaMea [email protected] ​ The Sheriff of the county serves as its chief law enforcement officer, charged with the responsibility of policing the county and keeping the peace, including the power to make arrests. A sheriff may not serve more than two consecutive terms. In addition to duties related to law enforcement, the Sheriff also serves as the Treasurer of the county and collects all taxes levied by the county. To assist the Sheriff in the performance of his/her duties, law enforcement deputies, tax deputies, and legal process deputies may be employed. ​ The Sheriff’s duties include: Serve and execute all returns, notices and processes issued by the courts which must be served in the county Act as bailiff in court proceedings Enforce court orders Administer transportation of prisoners, mental patients and extraditions Administer the financial matters of adults who are unable to do so for themselves Issue licenses to citizens who apply for a concealed weapons permit Collect all state, county, municipal and school taxes; disburse money to appropriate agencies Maintain all tax records Enforce payment of delinquent taxes ​ Our courthouse is a secure facility. You will be screened by security officers upon entry. You will be required to go through a metal detector and remove all metallic objects from your pockets. Any packages or bags will be x-rayed. All firearms are strictly prohibited. ​ We will do our best to make your visit friendly and convenient. ​ ​ Visit the Courthouse bottom of page