Sheriff's Office | Cumberland County, PA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Criminal Justice Sheriff Sheriff's Office Mission Statement The mission of the Cumberland County Sheriff’s Office is to serve the citizens and visitors of Cumberland County with the highest level of integrity, professionalism and trust. We pledge to incorporate these core values in every aspect of our services which include: Ensuring public safety, maintaining a law enforcement presence in our community, providing security to the courts and county owned/leased buildings and property, executing orders of court, and issuing licenses. Responsibilities Service and enforcement of court orders, writs of summons, complaints, money judgments and injunctions Conducting Real Estate Sales Issuing Licenses to Carry Concealed Firearms, Licenses to Sell Firearms and Licenses to Sell Precious Metals Service of warrants issued by the courts Providing security to county properties and to the courts Provide safe and secure transportation of prisoners for court appearances Enforce violations of the PA Crimes and Vehicle Code Provide law enforcement assistance and support to other law enforcement agencies Provide education, assistance and awareness to the public through community service programs View the Qualifications for a Deputy Sheriff In Memory of Corporal William Cline More Information Make Credit/Debit Payments Online: (convenience fees apply) Preferred method is Credit/Debit over E-Check as E-Check takes days to process which may delay the processing of paperwork. Make Payment Visit the Department of Homeland Security Victim Information Notification Exchange (VINE) website for their Victim Notification Program to obtain reliable information regarding a criminal alien’s release from custody. Attorney General of Pennsylvania Pennsylvania State Police View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Does the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office issue Non-Resident Firearms permits? If I move to another County in Pennsylvania, what do I need to do with regards to my License to Carry? How old do I need to be to apply for a License to Carry Firearm? May I mail my completed application to the Sheriff's Office for processing? View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx Contact Us Jody S. Smith Sheriff Sheriff's Office Email Physical Address 1 Courthouse Square Room 303 Carlisle , PA 17013 Phone: 717.240.6390 Fax: 717.240.6397 Emergency Phone: 911 After-hours Phone: 717.243.4121 Hours Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Ron Kerr Chief Deputy Email Phone: 717.240.5421 Greg Ickler Assistant Chief Deputy Email Phone: 717.240.6401 Follow Us on Social Media County of Cumberland, Pennsylvania 1 Courthouse Square Carlisle , PA 17013 Phone: 717.240.6100 Toll Free: 1.888.697.0371 Contact Us Bid Notifications Career Opportunities Notify Me® Press Releases Public Meetings & Minutes /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Website Feedback /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow