Tehama County Inmates - Jail Division - Tehama County Sheriff’s Office Skip to content (530) 529-7900 Email Us Services Tehama County Sheriff’s Services Units / Divisions Tehama County Sheriff’s Units & Divisions OES Office of Emergency Services PAL Police Activities League Careers Contact Home Current Inmates Current Inmates Current Inmates Tehama County Sheriff 2026-06-25T14:12:44-07:00 Tehama County Inmate Information Inmate Mailing Address: P.O. Box 490, Red Bluff, CA 96080 Legal Mail: Effective July 1, 2019 , the Tehama County Jail will no longer accept drop-offs of legal mail to our jail window. Legal mail will need to be mailed to the specific inmate at the above address with “Legal Mail” on the front of the envelope. You may also come to the jail and ask to see the inmate to personally serve them. CERTAIN ITEMS ARE PROHIBITED TO SEND THROUGH INCOMING MAIL TO A JAIL INMATE. Main Jail Inmate Mail and Correspondence Information All correspondence, must have a complete return name and address and be addressed in the following manner: RETURN ADDRESS: Your Full Name 1234 Your Street Red Bluff ,CA 96080 INMATE ADDRESS: Inmate’s Name P.O. Box 490 Red Bluff, CA 96080 Example: John Doe Tehama County Jail P.O. Box 490 Red Bluff, CA 96080 Inmate Mail and Correspondence The Tehama County Jail has strict mail procedures that must be followed for the safety and security of the facility, staff, and inmates. Please follow these rules to reduce delays and ensure a timely delivery of mail. The following list of items are NOT ALLOWED and will be returned to the sender or confiscated: Any contraband to include, but not limited to – Drugs, weapons, hazardous materials, spills/unknown substances (Lipstick/Perfume) Stationery, stamps, envelopes, post-its, paper – such as construction, drawing, cardstock, tracing, hobby, craft or felt etc, Paperclips, metal, plastic, laminations, balloons, jewelry, string, feather, CD/DVD/TAPES, food clothing, etc. Stickers, tape, glue, or any adhesives on the inside or outside of the envelope/letter. No cards of any kinds, musical cards, greeting cards, postcards, index cards, plastic identification cards, phone cards, credit cards, medical cards, etc. No usage of white-out, glue, glitter, glitter ink, color crayons, colored pencils, colored markers, paint, string, etc. No children’s art/drawings, etc. Mail within mail (envelopes with other mail inside). Mail containing bubble wrap or plastic. Mail from other locked facilities/No circumventing procedures/No 3-way mail. No Polaroid photographs. Photos larger than 4″x6″. Inmates are not allowed to possess more than ten (10) photographs at any given time. Photographs or pictures that are promiscuous, inappropriate, pornographic, nude, suggestive, showing gangs, gang tattoos, or hand gestures (signs) are not allowed. No Hardcover, spiral, plastic, metal, coloring books or calendars / Paperback only. Books, Magazines and Newspapers that contain photographs or pictures that display drugs, pornography, nudity, profanity, suggestive, gangs, gang tattoos, or hand gestures (signs) are not allowed Cash, checks (business or personal) & money orders are not allowed. Mail that does not have a return address will be labeled “Dead Mail” and returned the USPS. Mail that does not have a complete return address (Nick names or full name) will be return to sender. Do not draw on the envelope, neatly print all information. Any items not listed which may compromise the security of the facility. Books, Newspapers and Subscriptions The Jail will not accept books, newspapers or magazines mailed from a book store or an individual. Books, newspapers and magazines will ONLY be accepted directly from the publisher or through online services (Amazon, Barnes and Noble….etc.) on behalf of the inmate. All publishers must be verifiable. No Hardcover books are allowed to be sent to an inmate, only paperback books and magazines will be accepted. No Hardcover, spiral, plastic, metal, coloring books or calendars / Paperback only Must be from publisher, No book stores. (Amazon, Barnes and Noble, Borders, etc. are okay Publications that are held together by ordinary staples will be rejected. Books, Magazines and Newspapers that contain photographs or pictures that display drugs, pornography, nudity, profanity, suggestive, gangs, gang tattoos, or hand gestures (signs) are not allowed No CD, DVD, or tapes allowed. No food products, cosmetic items, board games, personal clothing, etc. No stationary, note pads, envelopes, stamps, pens, pencils, etc. (These items may be purchased through commissary.) Inmates are not allowed to possess more than five (5) books at any given time. Any material that appears to be obscene or tends to incite murder, arson, riot, racism or otherwise compromises the security of the facility will not be accepted. Calendar Any items not listed which may compromise the security of the facility. If material sent is rejected for delivery to an inmate, the sender may appeal the decision to the Jail Lieutenant. The rejection will be final fifteen (15) days after the date of the notice sent to the sender, unless the sender requests a review by the Jail Lieutenant. The written request for review must be postmarked within fifteen (15) days of the notice and mailed to the Jail Lieutenant at the above address. The appeal must be in writing, and should include the reason(s) for disagreeing with the mail rejection and any other pertinent information. The Jail Lieutenant or designee will provide the sender with a written decision within ten (10) days of the receipt of the request for review. The reviewer will not be involved in the original decision to reject the material. Any inmate wishing to appeal rejected mail must follow the Inmate Grievance Procedure within the Tehama County Jail. ALL unacceptable or improperly addressed inmate mail will be “Returned to Sender.” NOTE: A COLOR COPY FROM COPY MACHINE USING COPY PAPER IS ALLOWED Deposits may be made to an inmate account by any of the following options: Via the telephone by calling 1-866-345-1884 Via the Internet at www.inmatedeposits.com Via the kiosk located at the Tehama County Jail. Click here for other options available . In lieu of depositing money, family and friends may also order commissary items via the Internet at www.tehamacountypackages.com . View Curent Inmates (530) 529-7900 Email Us - Tehama County Sheriff's Office Website by Sundial Design (530) 529-7900 Email Us - Tehama County Sheriff's Office Website by Sundial Design Page load link Back How long do you want to hide the toolbar? Hide Toolbar Duration Only for this session 24 hours A Week Not Now Hide Toolbar Select your accessibility profile Vision Impaired Mode Enhances website's visuals Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color ADHD Friendly Mode Focused browsing, distraction-free Blindness Mode Reduces distractions, improves focus Epilepsy Safe Mode Dims colors and stops blinking Content Modules Font Size + Default - Readable Font Line Height + Default - Cursor Letter Spacing Align Text Font Weight Color Modules Light Contrast High Contrast Monochrome Orientation Modules Reading Line Reading Mask Hide Images Highlight Content Stop Animations Highlight Links Skip To Content Choose... Main Content Navigation Footer Reset Settings Go to Top