Bullitt County Sheriff – 300 Buckman St, Shepherdsville, KY 40165 | 502 543-2514 Skip to content Sheriff Walt Sholar Vacancy Announcement We are currently accepting applications for Lateral Deputy, Deputy, CCSO, and Reserve Deputy. Please visit the EMPLOYMENT PAGE BY CLICKING HERE ! Welcome, to the Bullitt County Sheriff’s Office website. We are here to serve you. We hope that all the information contained on this site is helpful, informative, and useful to you. The Bullitt County Sheriff’s Office strives to provide many essential services to the citizens of Bullitt County in the most professional manner possible. Please feel free to explore the site from time to time as information does change on a regular basis. The Sheriff is a Constitutional Office that is elected every 4 years, the responsibilities of the Sheriff is to serve as the primary law enforcement for the county, provide security for the courts, collect taxes, and be present for all fiscal court meetings and to keep order in the meetings. As Bullitt County has grown, the requirements of the Sheriff’s Office have continually changed to meet the needs of the community. The Bullitt County Sheriff’s Office is led by a dedicated team and staffed by Deputies that are here to serve. Please take some time to look at the website and learn about your Sheriff’s Office. We have several programs to help ensure you live in one of the best counties in Kentucky. Bullitt County Sheriff’s Office Bullitt County Sheriff's Office 12 hours 54 minutes ago ***Attempt to Locate*** Missing Person Adam Devine. Adam is a white male, 25 years old, 5' 8" tall, and 170 pounds. He was last seen See More 13 View on Facebook Share Bullitt County Sheriff's Office 13 hours 4 minutes ago June is Internet Safety Month, a reminder that staying safe online is just as important as staying safe in our communities. The internet connects us See More View on Facebook Share Bullitt County Sheriff's Office 1 day 14 hours ago Please help us welcome Court Security Officer Sandra Richards. We currently have opening for Telecommunicators, Court Security Officers, and Lateral Deputies. If you are interested See More 30 View on Facebook Share No More Found Load More Loading... Copyright © 2020 Bullitt County Sheriff's Office — Primer WordPress theme by Custom Solutions, Inc.