Shackelford County, Texas Skip Navigation Shackelford County Texas HOME CONTACT US TRANSLATE FACEBOOK TWITTER GO Quicklinks Shackelford County Sheriff’s Office Sheriff Edward A Miller Shackelford County Sheriff Address: 791 U.S HWY 180 West Albany, Texas 76430 Mailing Address: 791 U.S HWY 180 West Albany, Texas 76430 Phone (Administrative): 325-762-9500 Fax (Administrative): 325-762-9501 Phone (Dispatch-24/7): 325-762-9555 Fax (Dispatch-24/7): 325-762-9556 ed.miller@shackelfordcounty.org Administrative Assistant: Mollye Henry mollye.henry@shackelfordcounty.org Head Dispatcher: Kelly Pate kelly.pate@shackelfordcounty.org Jail Administrator: Arla Jarvis Dispatch Supervisor: Misty Stevens JAIL VISITATION Schedule: Monday – Wednesday -Friday Professionalism, integrity, protection, service, respect, and courtesy are the watchwords of the Shackelford County Sheriff’s Office. All members of the office will constantly strive to let the virtue represented by these concepts guide their actions and decisions. The mission of the Shackelford County Sheriff’s Office is to maintain social order and provide professional law enforcement to citizens in the communities of Shackelford County Texas, within prescribed ethical, budgetary, and constitutional constraints. This office strives to enforce the law and maintain order in a fair and impartial manner, recognizing the need for justice, and the consistent appearance of justice. The Jail Division is dedicated to protecting the community at large by the housing of persons charged with various crimes. While such persons are so confined it is the duty of the jail staff to safeguard the rights and secure the health, safety and wellbeing of all such persons so confined. The county jail abides by the precepts of the law and the courts, with human dignity ever in mind, striving to be able to release each person back into society in no worse condition, physically mentally, or emotionally, than when he or she was received. The Sheriff recognizes that no law enforcement agency can operate at its maximum potential without supportive input from the citizens it serves. This office actively solicits and encourages the cooperation of all citizens to reduce and limit the opportunities for crime and to assist bringing to justice those who break the law. Arrest/Jail Report Schedule of Sheriff’s and Constable’s Fees Office of Emergency Management Most Wanted Report The Sheriff’s Department would appreciate your cooperation in locating the following individuals who are wanted in Shackelford County. If you know the whereabouts of any person shown below, please notify the Sheriff’s Department immediately at 325-762-9555 . BodyCameraDonations.com Provided by the Texas Association of Counties Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials Copyright © {{YEAR}} {{COUNTY}} {{STATE}} powered by ezTask Titanium TM