Sheriff – Snyder County, PA Government Skip to content Menu Open Search Window Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff Overview The Snyder County Sheriff is the chief law enforcement officer for the County of Snyder. He is the only elected law enforcement position and his term of office is for four years. The powers of the Sheriff date back quite far in history. While some historians maintain that the Office of Sheriff derives from either the Roman proconsul, or the Arab Sharif (nobleman), it is generally accepted that the Office goes back historically to Anglo-Saxon England, (A.D. 500-1066). Functions of the Sheriff The functions of the Sheriff include, but are not limited to: Fugitive Apprehension; Executing Arrest/Bench Warrants Service of Civil Process Service and Enforcement of Protection From Abuse Orders Prisoner Transportation Criminal Extraditions Courthouse Security and Judicial Protection Crimes Code Enforcement Criminal Investigation Vehicle Code Enforcement Liquor Law Enforcement Game and Wildlife Code Enforcement Fish and Boat Code Enforcement Dog Law Enforcement County Ordinance Enforcement Assisting Search and Rescue Operations Issue PA Licenses to Carry Firearms Issue PA Licenses to Sell Firearms Issue Licenses to Deal in Precious Metals Vehicle Lockout Assistance Secure Firearms, Vehicles, and Property Pursuant to Court Orders Conduct Sheriff Sales Enforce Writs of Possession Conduct Levies of Personal and Real Property Management of the Countywide Booking Center Fingerprinting and Photographing of Arrested Persons Fingerprinting of Applicants for Government Agencies Confiscation of Illegal Fireworks Participating in School Resource Officer Programs Assisting Other Law Enforcement Agencies Many of our Deputies (as well as our Sheriff) are Act 2 certified with the exception being to those who are Act 120 certified. Act 120 is the training police officers must take in order to be certified as a police officer in Pennsylvania. Even though a potential Deputy Sheriff may be Act 120 certified, he or she must still pass a written waiver exam and attend the Sheriff and Deputy Sheriffs’ Academy for a period of two weeks to be trained in other aspects of the jobs of Sheriffs and Deputy Sheriffs. Unlike Act 120, before being permitted to attend the Sheriff and Deputy Sheriffs’ Academy, you must first be hired as a Deputy Sheriff with a Sheriff’s Office or Department in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In addition to the Academy, each Sheriff and Deputy Sheriff must take 20 hours of continuing education training every two years. The purpose of this training is to keep Sheriffs and their Deputies up to date with the latest changes in laws and procedures Our Training Overview Sheriffs and Deputy Sheriffs must complete a 19 week long (760 hours) academy to be certified as a Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff pursuant to Act 1984-2, otherwise known as “Act 2”. The training is conducted by the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency’s Sheriff and Deputy Sheriffs’ Education and Training Board. The academy is held in State College, Pennsylvania on Penn State’s Main Campus grounds. Each Sheriff and Deputy Sheriff is required to stay in State College (with the exceptions being weekends) throughout the academy. Each Sheriff and Deputy Sheriff must pass a rigorous physical training program along with written exams, first aid, firearms, and defensive tactics. Many of our Deputies (as well as our Sheriff) are Act 2 certified with the exception being to those who are Act 120 certified. Act 120 is the training police officers must take in order to be certified as a police officer in Pennsylvania. Even though a potential Deputy Sheriff may be Act 120 certified, he or she must still pass a written waiver exam and attend the Sheriff and Deputy Sheriffs’ Academy for a period of two weeks to be trained in other aspects of the jobs of Sheriffs and Deputy Sheriffs. Unlike Act 120, before being permitted to attend the Sheriff and Deputy Sheriffs’ Academy, you must first be hired as a Deputy Sheriff with a Sheriff’s Office or Department in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In addition to the Academy, each Sheriff and Deputy Sheriff must take 20 hours of continuing education training every two years. The purpose of this training is to keep Sheriffs and their Deputies up to date with the latest changes in laws and procedures Training Topics Introduction to Criminal Justice Unified Court System of Pennsylvania Crimes Code and Criminal Procedure Vehicle Code Civil Law and Procedure Motor Vehicle Collision Investigation Hazardous Material Principles of Criminal Investigations Patrol Procedures and Operations Other Legal Issues Court Security Prisoner Transport First Aid/CPR Crisis Intervention Families in Crisis Firearms Defensive Tactics Less Than Lethal Weapons Emergency Vehicle Operations Communications Ethics and Professional Development Technology and Law Enforcement Physical Conditioning Cultural Diversity State and Local Anti-Terrorism Training Special Needs Groups K-9 Unit Overview Sheriff John Zechman is honored to announce that effective April 17, 2017 the Snyder County Sheriff’s Office’s first K-9 Unit has been placed into service. The newest deputy is a male German Shepherd named “Leo” that received his instruction and certification at Shallow Creek Kennels located in western Pennsylvania. Leo and his handler, Chief Deputy Lucas Bingman, have received intensive training in narcotics detection and human tracking. Thanks to our Patrons The K-9 Unit has been funded through many generous donations from individuals, businesses, community organizations and school students. The K-9 Unit was formed because the Snyder County Sheriff’s Office wanted to take a proactive approach against the opioid epidemic in addition to expanding the Drug Take Back program and receiving Narcan training for overdose reversals at no additional cost to the taxpayers. Leo will be made available to law enforcement agencies in Snyder County and throughout the central Susquehanna Valley. Donate Today If you would like to donate to the K-9 Unit Fund, please send a check or money order to the “Snyder County Sheriff’s Office K-9 Unit Fund” at 9 West Market Street, PO Box 217, Middleburg, PA 17842. Cash donations will also be accepted, but in person only. A GoFundMe account has also been setup for people to make donations online via GoFundMe . Receipts for donations are available upon request. If you would like to know more about the K-9 Unit Fund or would like to speak to someone about making a donation, please contact Chief Deputy Lucas Bingman at 570-837-3311 Services Fingerprinting → Firearm Licensing → Precious Metals Licensing → Protection From Abuse (PFA) → Sheriff Sales → Service Fees → Retired Law Enforcement → Right-to-Know Requests → Warrants → Forms & Links Civil Process Property Claim Form (Individual) Firearms PA License to Carry Firearms Application Request for a Duplicate License to Carry Firearms Form PA License to Sell Firearms Application Precious Metals License to Deal in Precious Metals Application (Individual) License to Deal in Precious Metals Application (Business Combinations) Protection From Abuse (PFA) Affidavit of Safekeeping Permit for Relinquishment of Firearms Affidavit for Relinquishment of Firearms to Dealer Receipt of Weapons By Third Party Affidavit Request for Return of Weapons Request for Records Right-to-Know Law Request Form Request for Criminal Record Check Application to Obtain Copy of Crash (Accident) Report Helpful Links Pennsylvania Sheriff’s Association Deputy Sheriffs’ Association of Pennsylvania National Sheriffs’ Association National Tactical Officers Association Pennsylvania DUI Association Transitions Contact John A. Zechman Sheriff (570) 837-3311 (570) 837-0168 (Fax) 9 West Market Street Middleburg, PA 17842 Monday - Friday: 8 am - 4 pm Facebook Comments are closed. Snyder County, PA 9 W Market St • Middleburg, PA 17842 Monday – Friday • 8:30 am – 4:00 pm Get In Touch → Search for: Search Open Search Window © 2021 Snyder County, PA Government. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Attributions Site Design & Development Search for: Search Close Search Window ↑