ADC Mail Regulations | Jackson County, MS Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Your County Elected Officials Sheriff Detention Center Inmate Services Mail Regulations ADC Mail Regulations Mail Sent To an Inmate: -Must have full and complete name and address of sender and receiver -Cannot contain any coded messages or phrases -Must have proper postage -Must contain no more than 3 photographs. Maximum allowed size for photographs is 4”x6” and must be on photo paper-no computer printed photographs allowed. -Photographs must not contain any image that is considered to be pornographic in nature or shows a criminal act or deemed contrary to the penological interest of the facility. -Handwritten letters should be written in blue or black ink, or typed letters printed with black ink or toner. -No marks with markers or colors allowed. This includes drawings, stickers, and coloring pages. -Original envelopes are not sent to the inmate. -Letters that contain a foreign substance or stain will be rejected and returned to sender. -Letters that contain perfume, lipstick, lip gloss, or cologne will be rejected and returned. -No greeting cards allowed, such as, birthday cards, holiday cards, etc. -Books are only allowed to be sent directly to the inmate from a publishing company. -Books must be paperback, no hardback books allowed. -No bubble wrap, staples, paper clips, pamphlets, or sticky notes allowed. -No stamps, blank paper, or envelopes are allowed to be sent in to any inmate. -No inmate to inmate correspondence, even through a third party. -No colored paper allowed. -No money or money orders will be accepted through the mail. -No copied puzzles allowed. -Any item(s) that is deemed inappropriate or unacceptable by Administration will be returned to the original sender. Download Mail Regulations ADC-Mail-Regs (PDF) ADC-Inmate-Handbook-2025(PDF) Crime Stats Mobile App Contact Us Jackson County Courthouse 3104 Magnolia Street Pascagoula, MS 39567-4127 Non-Emergency: 228-769-3063 Emergency Call: 911 Monday-Friday: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Inmate Phone Services Inmate Visitation and Messaging Sheriff Alerts Victim Notifications MS Crime Stoppers /QuickLinks.aspx Home Copyright Notices Contact Us Site Map Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow