Brunswick County Sheriff's Office Brunswick County Sheriff's Office Text Size: Normal Large X-Large Employment The Brunswick County Sheriff’s Office is looking for the best and brightest individuals – those who have the aptitude and sense of commitment – those who want to help their community, and who want to make a difference. Join us! Project Lifesaver A FREE service for county residents who are caring for loved ones with Alzheimer’s disease, autism, or other conditions that make them likely to wander away from caregivers, or who have difficulties communicating with rescuers. Volunteer Program The Brunswick County Sheriff's Office has a wonderful volunteer program, with more than 100 active volunteers serving in a wide range of areas. Click here for more information! Inmate Visitation The Brunswick County Detention Center ensures that inmates confined in the Detention Center are provided the opportunity to visit with family, friends and professionals. Click here to schedule a visit. Are You OK? Service A FREE telephone reassurance service designed to enhance the quality of life for older adults, or adults with disabilities, who live alone or who are at risk of sudden illness, falls, and/or social isolation. Sheriff Brian M. Chism Welcome to the Brunswick County Sheriff's Office The Brunswick County Sheriff’s Office believes in the dignity and worth of all people. It is the duty of our office to safeguard lives and property as well as to protect the innocent from becoming victims of deception and oppression while always respecting the people’s constitutional rights. As a nationally accredited law enforcement agency , we are dedicated to providing the safest environment and the highest level of service possible with the goal of improving the quality of life for all citizens of Brunswick County. Through innovative leadership and a partnership with those whom we serve, we are dedicated, capable and well prepared to enforce all laws, deter criminal activity, protect and serve the citizenry and maintain order. Detention Center 911 Communications Animal Services Volunteers Inmate Search Gun Permits Sex Offender Search Submit a Tip Latest News & Highlights Brunswick County Sheriff’s Office, NC – K9s Black, Jax, Pepper, and Ronin have received bullet and stab protective vests thanks to a charitable donation from non-profit organization Vested Interest in K9s, Inc. The vests were sponsored by Sherri Widlund of Colorado Springs, CO and embroidered with the sentiment “In honor … Read More Brunswick County Sheriff’s Office, NC – K9s Black, Jax, Pepper, and Ronin will receive bullet and stab protective vests thanks to a charitable donation from non-profit organization Vested Interest in K9s, Inc. All the vests were sponsored by Sherri Widlund of Colorado Springs, CO and will be embroidered with the … Read More Mark your calendars! Join us for the Annual Brunswick County Fall Festival on Thursday, October 30, from 6–9 p.m. at the Brunswick County Government Complex in Bolivia. This free, family-friendly event provides a safe alternative to Halloween and is one of Sheriff Chism’s favorite events of the year! What to … Read More Ready to make a difference in your community? We’re looking for dedicated individuals to join our team and help us keep Brunswick County safe. If you’re passionate about service, integrity, and making an impact, there’s a place for you here. Join our family and be part of something bigger—where every … Read More Sheriff's Office: 70 Stamp Act Drive • Bolivia, NC 28422 | Phone: 910-253-2777 • Emergency: 911 Copyright ©2026, Brunswick County Sheriff's Office. All Rights Reserved.