City of Burien Police Department - King County, Washington Skip to main content KingCounty.gov is an official government website. Here's how you know Official government websites use .gov Website addresses ending in .gov belong to official government organizations in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock lock or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Only share sensitive information on official, secure websites. About King County expand_more Careers Contact us Departments Employee resources King County TV (KCTV) SEE ALL Animals, pests & pets expand_more Pet adoption Regional Animal Services (RASKC) Pet licenses Found Pets Animal Control Diseases from animals Getting rid of rats and mice SEE ALL Buildings and property expand_more Building and fire inspections Land use inspections Parcel viewer property search Property tax payment information Property research Property tax assessments (residential) Parcel sales search Property information - eReal property Plumbing and gas piping Property Tax Advisor SEE ALL Certificates, permits, and licenses expand_more Marriage licenses Birth certificates Building and land use permits Business licenses Death certificates Fire and special event permit Gun (concealed pistol) licenses Car, truck, and boat licenses Food business permits Pet licenses SEE ALL Courts, jails, & legal system expand_more Jury duty Adult jails Apply for a passport Find someone in jail Sex offender registry SEE ALL Data and information services expand_more GIS maps and applications Records and records requests iMap - interactive mapping tool Online records search Recorder's office Governance and leadership expand_more Elected officials (all) Elections King County Council members King County Executive SEE ALL Health and safety expand_more COVID-19 Environmental Health Services Restaurant safety ratings Mental health services SEE ALL Human and Social Services expand_more Crisis services Best Starts for Kids Mental health services Housing, finance, and other services Veterans Program Behavioral health and recovery Nature and recreation expand_more Noxious weeds Marymoor Park Parks and recreation Facility rentals Climate change Flood service warning system SEE ALL Transit, transportation, and roads expand_more Metro schedules and maps Water Taxi Transit GO ticket Metro fares Traffic cameras Road closures Rail travel Metro Flex SEE ALL Waste services expand_more Solid waste facilities Mattress disposal/recycling Reducing food waste Wastewater capacity charge Paint recycling Garbage, recycling, and compost services Compost and yard waste Hazardous Waste Program SEE ALL June 26 World Cup match at Lumen Field (Seattle Stadium) Due to the match, there will be road closures and parking restrictions in and around Pioneer Square. Most public services at King Street Center will be available, but the attached parking garage will be closed and secured . × Incorporated since 1993, this 100-year-old waterfront community has six miles of Puget Sound shoreline, 28 neighborhood parks, and numerous communities with varying policing needs. Burien's policing model focuses on problem-solving with local businesses and with residents in its diverse neighborhoods. Burien Police Department dedicates resources to investigate gang and neighborhood drug issues, draws on citizen involvement through its Block and Business Watch programs, and invests in its residents and youth with a dedicated community police officer, school resource officer and community service officer. As well, Burien police officers also offer a Community Police Academy for residents wanting to know more about their police services, as well as Community Emergency Response Training, which prepares residents to protect themselves, their families and their neighborhoods in emergency situations. Vital Info Emergency dispatch: 9-1-1 Non-emergency dispatch: 206-296-3311 Burien Police Department 14905 6th Ave. SW Burien, WA 98166 Business phone: 206-477-2200 Police Chief: Thomas Calabrese tom.calabrese@kingcounty.gov City crime map City website Police website "I worked as the Burien city manager for seven years and during that time had almost daily interaction with the department, usually through the command staff assigned to the city. Although I had been in city management for some time, Burien was my first municipality where police services were provided through contract. I was skeptical about the arrangement, and generally uneasy about it. That feeling passed quickly. I discovered first that the quality of police protection was every bit as good, or better, than that provided through conventional city police departments. It might surprise some – but it is a fact of record – that crime in Burien was lower than most of its neighbors, including Seattle, for both Part 1 and Part 2 crimes. Importantly, our residents embraced the department. Three community surveys over six years showed residents felt very safe, and consistently rated officers as “highly courteous.” Officers were assigned to our city and not rotated each year. They knew the city, its residents and its quirks. The fact they wore distinct uniforms and drove cars with the Burien logo helped the community view the department as “ours.” In 2011, I hired a well-respected, independent auditing firm to compare the cost and efficiency of the Burien department to that of other cities. Frankly, I expected to find that our contract included excessive overhead. Rather, it showed that the contract was slightly less expensive than similar, traditional departments. This did not include the significant savings from avoided costs, notably collective bargaining, fleet, facilities and IT among others. Finally, the department had a stellar reputation for professionalism. During my tenure, neighboring departments seemed to constantly struggle with questions about ethical conduct – and be in the news because of it. But the men and women assigned to Burien very, very rarely had even minor issues. In fact I can’t recall a single, material incident that occurred while I was there. So would I contract again with the King County Sheriff Department? In a heartbeat." - Mike Martin, Burien City Manager (Retired) Related Topics New partnership Q&A New partnership questions and answers Online reporting Report non-emergency incidents Police partnerships Learn more about our patrol partnerships Patrol precincts Learn more about our patrol precincts Accessibility © King County, WA 2026