Inmate Rules | San Joaquin County Sheriff's Office General Information San Joaquin County, as mandated by Section 26605 of the Government Code of the State of California, operates facilities to detain, for varying periods of time, adults who are awaiting arraignment, trial, disposition or serving sentences. Detention facilities are only a part of the County’s Criminal Justice System. Since each part of the system affects the nature and size of the jail population, we endorse the full development and use of alternatives to incarceration. Alternatives to prosecutions such as a diversion program. Alternatives to detentions such as bail and release on own recognizance or citation release. Alternatives to incarceration such as community service, restitution, work or education furlough, county parole, alternative work program (AWP), and home detention. The facility serves as a county intake center and provides for the detention of unsentenced persons and for the incarceration of sentenced persons. A primary function of the jail is to provide facilities for secure confinement. All facilities provide housing and services of equal quality for all persons. Juveniles are not detained in the facility. The San Joaquin County Jail is a new generation jail managed under the concept of Direct Supervision. Persons housed will be confined under the least restrictive conditions, based on past and current behavior. Those housed who by their actions show they will adhere to facility rules, follow the directions of staff, and not cause problems will be provided free access to make collect phone calls, visiting, recreation, religious, and education services. On the other hand, the facility is constructed so as to restrict some or all privileges for those who display disruptive behavior. Health Care services are available seven days a week at the jail facilities. Correctional Health Care (a component of San Joaquin General Hospital) provides medical service in the inmate housing units, the facility Clinic, the Medical Unit, or at the San Joaquin General Hospital. Mental Health services are available at the facilities upon request or staff referral. Inmates may be charged a fee (co-pay) for medical services provided. The facility operates a full pharmacy for the dispensing of prescribed medication. Several neighboring counties contract with the facility for pharmacy services. Over the counter medications are available through the inmate commissary. Hepatitis, AIDS, and Tuberculosis education, counseling, and testing are provided at the jail facilities. Pre-Trial Release Most persons are eligible for release prior to trial. The following are types of available releases: 1. Misdemeanor Citation release by Pretrial Services prior to the first court appearance. 2. The inmate, family, or friends may deposit cash Bail for the full bail schedule amount by contacting the Jail Records Unit at the facility. This may or may not be returned by the court upon case disposition. 3. Bail Bonds may be arranged through a bail agent any time prior to court case disposition. A list of bail agents is posted in the booking facility, on inmate bulletin boards, and in all telephone books. Bail agents charge an allowable fee for writing bail bonds. 4. Own Recognizance (O.R.) releases (a promise to appear in court) are arranged, in some cases, by a Pretrial Services representative at booking. The inmate or the inmate’s attorney may request the court consider an O.R. release or bail reduction at court appearances. There are self-bail kiosks located throughout the facilities. Sentenced Inmate Release Good conduct while incarcerated may be legally rewarded in various ways. The following are some of the ways in which a sentenced inmate may be released from custody. Sentence Modification may be granted by the sentencing Judge. The attorney who represented the inmate on the matter may be able to provide information about and assist with the completion of the required application for a sentence modification. Good Time is provided to all inmates unless the inmate’s record indicates that the inmate has not satisfactorily complied with the reasonable rules and regulations established by the Sheriff. One day is deducted for every six days of satisfactory confinement. Work Time is provided to all inmates unless the inmate’s record indicates that the inmate refused to satisfactorily perform labor as assigned by the Sheriff. One day is deducted for every six days of satisfactory confinement, in addition to time earned for Good Time. If all time allowed for Good Time and Work Time is earned, four days in confinement is deemed to have been six days confined. County Parole is possible for all sentenced inmates unless prohibited by the sentencing judge, there are outstanding out of county warrants or holds pending or there has been poor behavior. All sentenced inmates are otherwise eligible and may ask Jail Records for an application. Alternative Work Program (AWP) allows individuals who are sentenced to jail to serve their time living at home and working in the community. Participants are assigned to work 8-10 hours daily on public works or for non-profit organizations. Each day worked in the community counts as two days served in jail. A fee is charged*. Additional information may be obtained from program staff by calling (209)468-4620. (*Note: Monies are released by a check, not cash, and only on Wednesdays.) Work/School Furlough is available for inmates serving time in custody who wish to continue to work or attend school while incarcerated. Generally, 30 days or more must remain on an inmate’s sentence. A fee is charged. Additional information may be obtained from program staff by calling (209) 468-4620. EMP (Electronic Monitoring Program) provides electronic monitoring of inmates who qualify to serve their sentence at their home in lieu of jail. Generally, 30 days or more must remain on an inmate’s sentence. The inmate must have a residence and telephone in San Joaquin County. Repetitive drug violations, morals, or violent crimes are generally not considered. Additional information may be obtained from Program Staff by calling (209) 468-4620. Inmate Money Money taken at the time of booking is receipted and placed on the inmate’s account. These funds may be used for commissary purchases while the inmate is in custody. Deposit money on an inmates account: Cash, Credit Cards, and Debit Cards with the Visa or MasterCard logo on them are accepted at South Jail and Honor Farm only during business hours. The 24 hour lobby can accept money 24 hours a day. Postal Money Orders are also accepted via USPS. Mailed to 999 West Mathews Road, French Camp, CA. 95231 Mailed money orders must have the inmate’s name, booking number, and a return address. Inmate Clothing & Property All personal property and clothing are collected and stored while a person is in jail. No personal property or clothing is allowed in the Pre-Trial facility unless medically necessary and limited personal property is allowed at the Honor Farm. The jail does not receive property or clothing for court or release purposes. With few exceptions, inmates are released in the clothing they are wearing at the time of booking. Inmates in Jury Trials who wish to wear personal clothing, such as a suit or dress, must have their attorney deliver the clothing to Sheriff’s personnel at the Courthouse inmate staging area at the Court where the trial is taking place. Personal property and clothing may be released on a one-time basis only by the inmate. The inmate must complete a Third Party Release Form and send it to the Property Room. 48 hours notice is required. Additional information may be obtained by calling the Inmate Property Room Staff at (209) 468-4165. The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (CDCR) and the California Youth Authority (CYA) will not accept property with persons committed to their facilities. Arrangements to release personal property must be made prior to transportation to their jurisdictions. Mail Persons confined at the San Joaquin County Jail are allowed free access to the mail. They may send as much mail as they wish. If there is good cause mail will be opened and checked. Mail sent to the courts and attorneys is considered confidential and checked only in the inmate’s presence. Pictures and drawings are not allowed on the envelopes of outgoing mail. Stamps are purchased through the commissary. Indigent inmates (with less than $2.00 on their financial account) may receive two stamped envelopes and paper a week from the Inmate Welfare Program. Indigent inmates are allowed unlimited legal mail at department expense from the Inmate Welfare Fund. All incoming mail is opened and checked for contraband. Mail is not read without good cause to believe that its content contains information relating to the safety and security of the jail. Letters, cards, and photographs may be received in the mail. The following types of photos are not allowed and will be returned or placed in the inmate’s property : Larger than 4″x6″, photos depicting gang signs, colors or graffiti, violence, or which are racially nudity inflammatory, or any photo which has been altered or scratched; except that the backs must be removed from all Polaroid photos received. Paperback books and magazines may be received directly from the publisher or bookstore. Any obscene publications and writing which may cause facility safety and security concerns may be excluded. Photos of nude or partially nude persons may not be received. Postage stamps are not allowed to be received and will be placed in the inmate’s property. All checks and money orders received in the mail will be placed in the inmate’s property and the inmate will be issued a receipt. Checks and money orders are not cashed unless special circumstances exist. Mail is received at the facilities five days a week, Monday through Friday, except holidays. The inmate address for mail is: [INMATE NAME AND BOOKING NUMBER] San Joaquin County Jail or Honor Farm 999 W. Mathews Road French Camp, CA 95231