Inmate Mail | Hoke County, NC - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Our Community Sheriff's Office About Us Hoke County Detention Center Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Inmate mail should be sent to the address listed above. It should have a return name and full return address, and be addressed to the inmate using the same name and spelling under which the inmate was booked. If mail regulations are not followed or items of contraband are found, the entire envelope (along with contents) will be returned to the sender or turned over to law enforcement. Mail is normally distributed within 24 hours, except weekends and holidays. Paperback books and magazines will be received from a book club, mail order bookstore, or directly from a publisher only. Paperback books or material that contains obscene pictures racist or “hate” material, incites violence, rape, homosexual sex or sodomy, or that otherwise compromises the safety, security, or proper order of this facility will be confiscated and/or returned to the sender. Materials depicting human nudity are not allowed in the Hoke County Detention Center. Fragrances are prohibited. Envelopes may not be decorated with hand-drawn art nor contain glitter, crayons, or paint. Gang symbols and colors are prohibited. Our staff will open general mail outside of the presence of the inmate. All mail will be closely examined for contraband, read and under some circumstances, withheld from the inmate and turned over to the detention captain. General mail may contain the following items only: One greeting card (no larger than 9 inches by 6 inches) One page reproduced or copied from a mass produced item such as a book or items from the Internet Up to ten pages of person-to-person correspondence (handwritten or typed) Golf sized pencils and colored pencils only Two small newspaper clippings Five photographs (4 inches by 6 inches) A certified check or money order Do not send cash. Musical greeting cards will be deactivated. Polaroid photographs are prohibited. Messages Except in case of verified life or death emergencies, staff members will not pass messages to inmates. A supervisor will contact doctors, hospitals, funeral homes, etc. before passing a message to an inmate. To speed the process, please have this information (contact person, phone numbers, etc.) available before you call. For emergency messages, call 910-875-5113, explain your dilemma and ask for the lieutenant. Incident Report Request Sex Offender Registry Ride Along Program Contact Us Emergency Alerts Hoke County Sheriff's Office is A Nationally Accredited Agency Sheriff's Office 429 E. Central Avenue Raeford, NC 28376 Main Office: 910-875-5111 Sheriff Admin: 910-878-1203 Jail: 910-875-5113 EMERGENCY DIAL 911 North Carolina Court System Online Ticket Payment Adoption Forms North Carolina Division of Motor Vehicles /QuickLinks.aspx Home Employee Access Site Feedback Employee Access Site Map Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow