Franklin County Sheriff's Office - Sheriff AJ Tony Smith - Florida Arrest Log See arrests in Franklin County, Florida. See Something, Say Something We need your help! Send us anonymous crime tips to help clean up our county. Sex Offender/Predator Search Search for information on registered sex offenders and predators. Commend an Officer See something positive? Click here to commend an officer. Community Involvement FCSO is very active in the community. See our officers caught on camera here. Employment Opportunities Join our team of dedicated professionals serving the citizens of Franklin County. Accident Reports Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles' portal for obtaining official Florida law enforcement agency crash reports. Welcome to the Franklin County Sheriff's Office Website As we strive for transparency and open government, we offer you a new streamlined website that is both informative and user friendly. We are happy to provide this site as a resource for use by members of the Franklin County Sheriff's Office, the media, and the public. Through this website, you will have access to a wide range of information. From our “Arrests” page to Departmental Information and Contact List Information Pages. We also have links to various other websites, including the Sexual Predator search engine. I am excited to work with a group of employees who are dedicated in serving the citizens of Franklin County with fairness and professionalism. We are committed to provide the safest communities to the best of our abilities and to keep YOU, the public, informed of important information. As part of our commitment, we are proud to provide you with an additional resource; our very own Facebook Page. This page will serve as a “live feed” page. Anytime there is pressing information, we will provide it on our Facebook Page. I encourage you to go “LIKE” our Facebook Page to stay informed of changing events and news. Each citizen in Franklin County can be proud to share in the successes of your Sheriff's Office. As your Sheriff, it is a great honor to serve you, and I thank you for the opportunity you have given me to serve. Sincerely, A.J. "Tony" Smith, Sheriff Mission Statement The mission of the Franklin County Sheriff's Office is to create a safer Franklin County by reducing crime, ensuring the safety of our citizens and visitors with commitment to making our community a better place to live, work and visit. Vision Statement We are dedicated to serving the public with a commitment to excellence, contributing to the quality of life and fostering a vibrant community for all individuals. Latest News The Franklin County Sheriff’s Office is hosting town hall meetings across the county for a chance for our community to come out and ask questions, voice concerns, and share ideas to make our community … [Read More] It’s almost the most wonderful time of year at the Franklin County Sheriff’s Office, and we are gearing up for our famous Jingle at the Jail! ⏰ WHEN: Friday, December 19 from 5:00 - 7:00 PM 📍 … [Read More] Current Beach Conditions 270 State Road 65 Eastpoint, Florida 32328 850-670-8500 / 850-670-8566 fax Like us on Facebook for updates! About Sheriff A.J. “Tony” Smith Our Team Community Involvement Volunteers Versaterm CommunityConnect Messaging Policy Arrest Log Latest News Divisions Administration Patrol Detention Dispatch Special Investigations School Resource Victim Advocate Public Records Resources Download the FCSO App! Inmate Commissary Video Visitation Sexual Predator Search State of Florida Franklin County, Florida Florida Sheriff’s Association Living Harvest Home Security Resources Contact Commend an Officer See Something, Say Something Employee Directory Our Location Email Login