Polk County Sheriff's Office Home About Sheriff Wright Divisions Administration Animal Control Civil Division Communications Court Detention Front Office Investigations K-9 Professional Standards School Resource Deputies Uniform Patrol Resources/Information Golf PCSO Citizen Academy Concealed Handgun Permit Employment Handgun Purchase Permit Home/Business Security News/Social Media Non-Weapon Fingerprinting Emergency Alerts Records Request R U OK? Sex Offender Registry Printable Documents Medicine Dropbox Scam Call Safety Special Services Chaplain Community Programs Evidence/Property V.I.P. POLK COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE POLK COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE POLK COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE 164 Government Complex Dr Columbus NC 28722 828.894.3001 CLICK HERE TO CONTACT US Polk County Sheriff's Office MISSION STATEMENT The overall mission of the Polk County Sheriff’s Office is to promote Community Wellness by providing comprehensive law enforcement service and protection for all citizens within our community. The Polk County Sheriff’s Office is committed to this mission statement and all its actions and endeavors will be directed to this end. This will be done in an environment that is based on values and principles that respect the rights and needs of the organization’s people as well as the public we serve. In order to achieve this mission, we will: Seek to hire only qualified individuals who are committed to providing courteous and professional service to all citizens regardless of race, creed, color, nationality, sex, or religion. On a continuous basis, train and develop our personnel who are the main providers of the numerous services delivered by the Polk County Sheriff’s Office. Maintain an ongoing dialogue with the community to promote a greater mutual understanding of the needs and concerns of both the Sheriff and the community and develop a means for meeting those that relate to the functions of the Sheriff’s Office. Maintain a well-trained staff that is in tune with modern law enforcement technology, management, and supervision practices. Engage in those law enforcement functions and programs designed to reduce and prevent crime, thus being proactive in policy and procedure. Enforce all state, local, and federal laws in a firm, yet fair manner. Sheriff our community in such a manner that will allow us to serve all citizens equally and in a manner that will enhance the opportunity to arrest and prosecute those individuals found to be in violation of the various laws we are sworn to uphold. Utilize and manage all monies and resources allocated for law enforcement services in a sound and responsible manner with documented accountability. GUIDING PRINCIPLES PRIDE Citizens and Employees should be proud of THEIR Sheriff's Office. Taking pride in the work that we do each day, will ensure that the citizens of Polk County receive the best possible law enforcement services and protection that they deserve. HONOR Citizens and Employees of the Sheriff's Office should have a public office that they can regard with great respect and privilege. Holding all partners accountable and providing for public trust and confidence in the Office of the Sheriff will create a sense of pride and honor among the citizens and employees. INTEGRITY Law Enforcement Officers should act with the highest morals at all times, no matter who is watching. This level of integrity should be the standard we thrive for at all times, in all situations, and in all decisions. PROFESSIONALISM Uniform appearance, knowledge, and competency are all required traits of a Law Enforcement Officer. All of these traits combine to ensure a professional image. The citizens of Polk County deserve a law enforcement presence which displays the highest level of professionalism at all times. ACCOUNTABILITY No one should be held to a different standard than any other person, whether they are an employee or a citizen. By holding ourselves, and each other accountable for all actions, we will restore and maintain a level of respect, integrity, pride, and professionalism within the Polk County Sheriff's Office Powered by