Inmate Communications & Commissary -Franklin County How Do I Apply/File for... Report... Pay... Inmate Communications & Commissary Inmate Visitation Personal: After an initial 48-hour quarantine period, inmates are able to receive one personal visit per week. Visiting hours are Monday through Friday from 3 pm to 9 pm. Visitors do not need to be placed on a pre-approved list. Visitors will need to clear a metal detector and show valid, government-issued identification. Please refer to the jail’s Personal Visitation Policy for more information and guidelines. Professional: Inmates are also able to receive visits from attorneys, law enforcement, clergy, social services agencies and other qualified professionals. Professional visiting hours are Monday through Friday from 7 am to 11 am and from 1 pm to 9 pm. Please refer to the jail’s Professional Visitation Policy for more information and guidelines. Inmate Tablets Inmates are issued electronic tablets that can be used for video visitation, phone calls and messaging, For information on how to establish an account, deposit money, and use these services, visit www.gettingout.com Inmate Accounts Access Corrections allows individuals to deposit money into an inmate’s account with a credit card, debit card or cash. You may place cash or credit card deposits in an inmate’s accounts through a kiosk in the jail’s lobby or you may make electronic deposits by calling 866-345-1884 or by visiting www.accesscorrections.com . Inmate Commissary Inmates may purchase snacks, personal hygiene products, writing materials and other items on a weekly basis. Friends and family may also purchase commissary items for inmates via www.accesscatalog.com . Inmate Mail Franklin County Jail uses a third party mail processing service for all personal mail. All personal mail will be scanned and delivered electronically via inmate tablets. Mail from friends and family should be addressed as follows: Franklin County Jail, Pa Inmate Name, Inmate Number P.O. Box 247 Phoenix, MD Legal mail can be sent directly to the jail and must include a verifiable return address and clearly marked as legal mail. Inmate Rights & Privileges PREA Services Victim Notification Program (SAVIN) ×