Corrections Bureau | Williamson County, TX Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Sheriff's Office Corrections Bureau Corrections Bureau The Williamson County Sheriff's Office Corrections Bureau Chief and commanders are responsible for maintaining a jail system that houses a daily population of approximately 600 inmates. A new Direct Supervision facility was opened in late 2003. Initially, with this expansion, the County Jail has bed space for 1104 inmates. The current Jail staffs' officers and civilian personnel, provides 24-hour a day security for the jail, and performs many other tasks. These tasks include the transportation of inmates to and from court, the pick-up of inmates from other counties and states, supervision of inmate recreation, visitation, and other activities along with the record keeping and administration of the Corrections Bureau thirty-two-million-dollar annual budget. Williamson County also provides food service and medical, mental, and dental care to all incarcerated individuals. Education and ministry services are also available to all inmates. In addition, the security of the Williamson County Justice Center Courthouse Annex is administered by bailiffs attached to the Corrections Bureau. Search Jail Records To look up jail records, search by first and last name or booking number in the Williamson County Records Inquiry Inmate Mail Currency of any type or amount, money orders, payroll checks, personal checks, or blank checks WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. Mail containing ANY items that inmates can purchase on commissary will not be delivered. ( Ex . Stationery items such as letterheads, stamps, envelopes, blank paper, pens, pencils, blank cards, postcards.) ( Ex . Personal hygiene items such as tooth care products, razors, soap and hair care products, etc.) ( Ex . Food items will not be accepted in any form.) Change in Inmate Postal Mail Delivery The Williamson County Sheriff's Office has contracted with NCIC-Inmate Communications to provide electronic mail services for the Williamson County Jail. The changes are being made to streamline the operations of the Sheriff's Office, improve communications, and ensure the safety and well-being of inmates and staff. Effective August 1, 2022, inmate postal mail must be sent to the following address: NCIC-Williamson County Jail Inmate Name-So Number PO BOX 591 Longview, TX 75606 The inmates' name and booking/ID number must be clearly printed on the outside of the envelope or post card to ensure the mail is posted to the current account. All regular inmate postal mail (postcards, letters, greeting cards, etc) will be scanned into the system and available to the inmates to view their postal mail via the kiosks. Legal mail, court documents, books, and publications will continue to be sent to the facility directly at the following address: Williamson County Jail Inmate's Last Name, First Name, Date of Birth (DOB) P.O. Box 2119 Georgetown, TX 78627 Such as: Reading material has to come from retailers No hard cover books No provocative, true crime or suggestive books No envelopes or stamps Packages containing prohibited material will be put into inmate property. Ways to add money: Online Payments Call 866-345-1884 Kiosk (located in Williamson County Jail lobby) By Mail (Money order or Cashier's check) Address as follows: Inmate Trust Fund Inmate's Last Name, First Name, Date of Birth (DOB) P.O. Box 1939 Georgetown, TX 78627 Visitation How it Works Each inmate may have visitation from family during approved visitation times, provided there is no court order prohibiting the visitation. Attorney's visiting inmates may visit at any time (24/7), but will need to provide their bar card for admittance. As soon as possible, inmates will be asked to complete an inmate visitation form to receive visits from persons who are not family. They may identify up to 5 friends as visitors. You will need to arrive 15 minutes before the scheduled visitation to check in. You will need a current, valid, state issued ID to sign in. Bring only your ID and keys, as they are the only items allowed into the jail. Visits last 20 minutes. Kiosks with the visitation cameras will be available in the facility or you may use your smart phone or tablet device from the comfort of your home, or some other location, to visit your friend or family member incarcerated in our facility. There will be an additional cost associated with this service. There will be an additional cost associated with this service. Setup an account on the NCIC website or call 800-943-2189. Requirements for Visitation Visitors over the age of 18 must provide a current, valid state issued ID Attorney (must present bar card) or clergy may visit 24/7 Visitation schedule is subject to change Guidelines for Visitation Persons under the age of 14 must be accompanied by parent/guardian Persons 15 to 16 years old must be accompanied by an adult Visitors may bring in keys and ID Only 2 visits per week, 1 per day, lasting 20 minutes Williamson County Dress Code for Inmate Visitation The Williamson County Sheriff's Office reserves the right to refuse visitation to any person they deem dressed inappropriately for the visitation of inmates. The guidelines posted here and in the reception area of the jail will be used in determining if a person's dress is acceptable but will not be limited to the following: No sleeveless shirts or blouses No see through material All undergarments must be covered Shorts and skirts should reach at least mid-thigh No clothing depicting/promoting gang affiliation or obscenities Special Visits Special visits may be facilitated for persons traveling in excess of two hours of the jail facility Contact visits are never allowed Requests for Special Visits should be submitted by inmate 7 days prior to requested date. Inmate Phone System Deposit Funds It's easy to add money to an existing account. There are four payment options for customers to use to make a deposit. By Phone: Call 800-943-2189 toll free and speak to a friendly Customer Service Representative. By Web: Go online to our at Customer Portal By Kiosk located in the Jail Lobby Who do I call to ask about someone who has been arrested? How does visitation work? Where can I go to ask about someone who has been arrested? View All /FAQ.aspx Records Tax Office Court / Jail Lookup Employment Find County Offices & Facilities Phone: 512-943-1100 Editor Sign-in Commissioners Court Veteran Services Voter Registration Public Information Request Compliance /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow