How do I send mail, money, books, photos, emails, e-cards? | Nebraska Department of Correctional Services (NDCS) Skip to main content NSP: Temporary NOTICE—Visitation Search Menu Reveal Search How do I send mail, money, books, photos, emails, e-cards? Send Mail All personal mail from family and friends, such as letters, pictures, and drawings, is digitally delivered via the tablet’s “Facility Messages” app under the free profile. The mailing address is: Name of facility (no abbreviations or acronyms) Nebraska Department of Correctional Services Incarcerated Individual name & ID number P.O. Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 For an example of each facility, click here! To ensure your mail gets delivered electronically, make sure you include: Complete facility name (no abbreviations) and state Incarcerated Individual’s full name and ID number Sender's full name and physical address Since all approved mail is digitally delivered via tablet, the sender is encouraged to send copies of letters, pictures, and drawings. This will allow the digital communication to be delivered as intended but allow the original to be retained by the sender on behalf of the incarcerated individual. ONLY send personal mail such as letters, pictures, and drawings that are in compliance with NDCS policies Read the I ncarcerated Individual Mail - Policy 205.01 located on our Policies & Rules page under the Incarcerated Individual Rights | Process Information dropdown To report mail delivery issues, contact TextBehind support directly at info@TextBehind.com Send Money, Photos, Emails and E-Cards GTL/ViaPath is the incarcerated individual media system provider for photos, emails, e-cards and money transfers. Video Grams Family members and friends may send a video grams to incarcerated individuals. They are viewable on a GTL/ViaPath tablet and can be up to 30 seconds long. The initial cost per video is $.60 each. If the video includes a message, add $.20 [$.60 + $.20 = $.80] If the video includes a photo, add $.40 [$.60 + $.40 = $1.00] If the video includes both a message and photo, add $.60 [$.60 + $.20 + $.40 = $1.20] Criteria to send photos using GTL/Viapath No hand signs: including peace signs, middle fingers No items that depict violent or illegal activity No pictures of visitors with large amounts of money No items that might incite violent or illegal activity No nude or partially nude males or females – including infants/newborn pictures, including drawings/cartoons No individual(s) clothed in panties, bras, sheer negligees or nightgowns – including bathing suits (adults and children) No sexual gestures – even when clothed No drug use No images of offenders or offender information No images of social media or text GTL/ViaPath will not refund the cost of rejected photos. Funds, Publications and Packages All funds, publications and packages must be addressed as follows: Community Corrections Center-Lincoln Main Line: 402-471-0740 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Community Corrections Center - Lincoln P.O. Box 22200 Lincoln, NE 68542 Community Corrections Center-Omaha Main Line: 402-595-2010 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Community Corrections Center - Omaha 2320 Avenue J Omaha, NE 68110 Nebraska Correctional Center for Women Main Line: 402-362-3317 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Nebraska Correctional Center for Women 1107 Recharge Road York, NE 68467 Nebraska Correctional Youth Facility Main Line: 402-595-2000 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Nebraska Correctional Youth Facility 2610 N 20th Street East Omaha, NE 68110 Nebraska State Penitentiary Main Line: 402-471-3161 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Nebraska State Penitentiary P.O. Box 22500 Lincoln, NE 68542 Omaha Correctional Center Main Line: 402-595-3963 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Omaha Correctional Center P.O. Box 11099 Omaha, NE 68110 Reception and Treatment Center Main Line: 402-471-2861 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Reception and Treatment Center P.O. Box 22800 Lincoln, NE 68542 Tecumseh State Correctional Institution Main Line: 402-335-5998 Mail to: Incarcerated Individual name & ID number Tecumseh State Correctional Institution P.O. Box 900 Tecumseh, NE 68450 ViaPath Education, Reentry & Reintegration Individuals returning home to their communities can continue to access free ViaPath trainings and custom learning paths for up to one year after release. These resources cover topics such as using computers, managing money, career planning, and organizations that support reentry. To learn more about this program, please visit the ViaPath Reintegration Page Edovo During incarceration individuals have access to Edovo - an online platform providing educational, vocational and rehabilitative curriculum and content related to fundamental learning. Edovo strives to create rehabilitative-focused correctional environments that lower recidivism, increase safety inside and outside correctional walls, and drive positive outcomes for incarcerated people and their families. Post-Release learning continues at edovo.org/go Through EdovoGO, formerly incarcerated Learners can continue their progress in Edovo for free post-release. Gain access to your Learner transcript and course certificates, resume any core coursework you were already engaged in while incarcerated, and continue your pathway to success! Transcripts demonstrate Learners completions and success within coursework on Edovo. Use it to show your parole officer, potential employers, reentry programs, or anyone who’s helping you transition back into your community. Gain access to your transcript and certificates and continue your learning journey through EdovoGo Use this resource to continue learning after incarceration. Q: How can someone in the community access Edovo transcripts while the individual is incarcerated? A: Visiting the EdovoGo website, click Transcripts in the top right corner Q: How do community support members obtain a Transcript Code? A: The incarcerated individual should generate the code from their tablet, and share that code with community support individual Book Purchases and Other Materials Incarcerated individuals may order and receive books from approved book vendors. The list of vendors is available upon request from the NDCS Legal Division. Any book order received from an unapproved book vendor will be returned to the sender. Publications such as magazines, subscriptions, newspapers and other periodicals may be sent to incarcerated individuals from recognized vendors/publishers. These items must be prepaid, sent directly from the publisher, and routed through appropriate team members as defined by the facility to which it is sent. Friends/family may also send funds to incarcerated individuals; learn more by reading the Inmate Accounting - Policy 113.02 located on our Policies & Rules page under the Incarcerated Individual Rights | Process Information dropdown Books for correspondence and/or college courses are not available from an approved book vendor. All materials related to the course must be received through the institutional mailroom and will be reviewed by mailroom team members to ensure compliance with NDCS and Institutional polices. Religious books of a recognized religion not available through an approved vendor. These books and materials must have prior authorization. An inmate may seek to obtain a book not available from an approved book vendor by submitting a request to NDCS Legal Division. These requests are evaluated on a case-by-case basis. If a request is denied, the requesting inmate will be informed of the reasons in writing. A book vendor that wishes to be included on the approved agency list should contact the NDCS Legal Division for consideration of their request. For the list of approved book vendors, click here . Privacy Policy © 2026 Nebraska Department of Correctional Services (NDCS) · All rights reserved. Website Design & Development by UNANIMOUS