Sheriff's Office - Greenwood County, SC top of page Menu Sheriff's Office View More Law Enforcement Center 528 Edgefield Street Greenwood, SC 29646 Dennis Kelly , Sheriff email: dkelly@greenwoodsc.gov Phone: (864) 942-8600 Sheriff Dennis D. Kelly Mission Statement It shall be the mission of the Greenwood County Sheriff’s Office to provide for the safety and protection of the citizens and businesses of Greenwood County through proven full service law enforcement practices, including both reactive and proactive responses to criminal activity, to ensure that public interests and constitutionally guaranteed liberties are protected and that the judicial process is followed according to law. Greenwood County Sheriff’s Office personnel shall achieve this mission by maintaining a high level of work ethics, integrity and ethical standards in the performance of their duty. Quick Links ​ Ending: ​ ​ ​ Ending: ​ ​ Ending: ​ Events Greenwood County to mail 2026 property reassessment notices beginning July 25, 2026 6/23/26, 5:45 PM Greenwood County to mail 2026 property reassessment notices beginning July 25, 2026 Greenwood County celebrates 35 years of excellence in financial reporting 6/12/26, 4:45 PM Greenwood County celebrates 35 years of excellence in financial reporting State and Local Officials Provide Update on Lake Greenwood Fish Kill 4/20/26, 10:15 PM State and Local Officials Provide Update on Lake Greenwood Fish Kill News Citizen's Academy At the conclusion of the Citizen’s Academy you will have an understanding of what law enforcement does and the knowledge to help you be an ambassador of the Greenwood County Sheriff’s Office. The program also provides you an opportunity to participate in some of the training that a recruit receives while attending the police academy and better qualify you for the efforts you are giving to our community. ​ During the program duration, classes are held on Tuesday evenings from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. The final session includes a ride-along with on-duty deputies. Participant Requirements: ​ Must Be a Resident of Greenwood County No Misdemeanor Arrests Within One Year of Application No Felony Convictions Must be 18 Years of Age or Older If you have any questions about the Citizen’s Academy please contact: Sergeant Will Johnston Phone: 864-942-8769 Email: wjohnston@greenwoodsc.gov Citizen's Academy Brochure Take Me Home "Project" What is Take Me Home? ​ Take Me home is a database for people who may need special assistance if they are alone or in times of emergency. This kind of assistance may be required if the person is unable to speak or properly identify themselves, or if they become disoriented, or act in a manner that could be misinterpreted by first responders. The system includes a current digital picture, demographic information and caregiver contacts. If a person in the Take Me Home system is encountered by a law enforcement officer, the officer can query the Take Me Home system, searching by name or by the person's physical description. Once the individual's Take Me Home record has been located, the officer has the information at hand to appropriately assist the person. ​ How does it work? ​ This information is placed in a database that can be accessed in patrol vehicles or back at the law enforcement center. If officers find someone who can't communicate where he or she lives, they can search the database by description and return the person to their loved ones. The system also works in reverse if a loved one goes missing, their picture and description is immediately available. ​ Commitment from Law Enforcement ​ There is no charge for the program and there is no enrollment fee. Take Me Home is voluntary for citizens who participate, and all information is kept confidential. However, there is a responsibility and commitment to keep the system updated and current. By submitting updated information it keeps law enforcement informed if they encounter your loved one or if your loved one goes missing. How to Enroll ​ We have provided a number of ways you can enroll in the Take Me Home program. You can enroll online by clicking the "Take Me Home Online Enrollment Form" link, downloading a Take Me Home enrollment form from the "Download Take Me Home Enrollment Form" link and fill out at your convenience, or you may stop by the Greenwood County Sheriff's Office and enroll. Take Me Home Brochure ​ Take Me Home Online Enrollment Form ​ Download Take Me Home Enrollment Form Frequently Asked Questions Does the Sheriff's Office offer finger print services (blue applicant print cards)? ​ Yes, we offer finger printing services M-F from 9am-4pm (excluding holidays). This service cost $10.00 per person for up to two print cards. For more information, call 864-942-8600 How do I file a Trespass Notice? You should send the person(s) a certified letter through the US Postal Service. Request a return receipt and requested delivery if needed. If you are sending the notice to more than one person with the same address, a separate notice must be mailed to each person. You must then bring a copy of the signed receipt (by the person who is being placed on trespass) as received and a copy of the Trespass Notice to GCSO. You must keep copies for your records and save the receipt from the Post Office. If the person violates the notice, then they can be charged with "Trespassing After Notice". Click here to download a Trespass Notice. Overview of the Citizen Complaint Process The policy of the Greenwood County Sheriff’s Office is to ensure that integrity is maintained through an internal system where objectivity, fairness, and justice are assured by intensive and impartial investigation and review to clear the innocent, establish guilt of wrongdoers, and facilitate fair, suitable, and consistent disciplinary action. Whenever any private individual wishes to register a complaint against an employee of the Sheriff’s Office, that individual shall be provided with the opportunity and any assistance needed to record their complaint. ​ A "Citizen Complaint Form" will be provided to the individual, with instructions and assistance in filling it out. If the individual cannot write, the accepting deputy may write the complaint. The deputy may also make an audio and/or video recording of the complaint. Forms may be obtained at the Greenwood Sheriff’s Office main lobby window or printed via the Greenwood County website. Get printable form here. A "Citizen Complaint Receipt" shall be completed and given to the complainant at the time the complaint is made or mailed to the complainant if it was not received in person. This acknowledges receipt for processing. The completed "Citizen Complaint Form" with a copy of the "Citizen Complaint Receipt" shall be placed in a sealed envelope marked "CONFIDENTIAL" and hand delivered to the Sheriff, or if his office is closed, it may be slid under the door of the Sheriff’s Office. Investigation of Complaints: A complaint is defined as an allegation that an employee has violated a departmental or city personnel rule, regulation, policy, general order, a county ordinance, or state or federal statute. The Greenwood County Sheriff’s Office will document and investigate all complaints, alleged or suspected, either signed or anonymous, that are made against the GCSO or its employees. Length of Time to Investigate Complaints: Internal affairs investigations shall be completed within thirty days from the time of their receipt. The investigating supervisor/investigator will provide verbal status reports to the complainant every five days. The Greenwood County Sheriff’s Office shall notify the complainant concerning the status of their complaint against the department or any of its employees within (30) thirty days of the filing of the report. On occasion, malicious and deliberate false accusations may be made against the GCSO and/or its employees. The accusations will be investigated to protect the integrity of the Sheriff’s Office and/or its employees, thereby instilling public confidence in the Sheriff’s Office. In some cases, the extent of the investigation may be limited to substantiating the falsity of the accusation. In the case of false accusations, the Sheriff will review the case. The Sheriff may, in consultation with legal counsel, seek legal recourse against the person(s) who filed a deliberate false report. bottom of page