FAUQUIER COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE | Fauquier County, VA Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. eNotifications Contact Us Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Font Size: + - Mission “The Fauquier County Sheriff’s Office exists to protect the public's safety; to preserve peace and order, and to pursue justice for our community.” Our employees chose the values of F idelity, C ompetency, S elflessness, and O wnership, as the principles by which they strive to live and work. Free viewers are required for some of the attached documents. They can be downloaded by clicking on the icons below. Download Acrobat Reader Download Windows Media Player Download Word Viewer Download Excel Viewer Download PowerPoint Viewer D a ily Brief Community Policing Act Data Collection Register Your Security Camera Working together, law enforcement and our local communities will make a positive impact for the future. Active Cold Cases Free viewers are required for some of the attached documents. They can be downloaded by clicking on the icons below. Download Acrobat Reader Download Windows Media Player Download Word Viewer Download Excel Viewer Download PowerPoint Viewer 2025 Annual Report 2026 Youth Sports Camp Bracey Family Commitment to Service Scholarship Application INTERNET SAFETY FOR KIDS AND TEENS Register Your Security Camera Railroad Complaints / Blocked Crossings Accreditation Summary Employee Log In Visit Fauquier County For questions and information please email Sheriff Jeremy A. Falls Meet The Sheriff Office of the Sheriff Fauquier County, VA CONTACT US Emergency - 911 Non-Emergency (540) 347-3300 24 hrs daily Request a Report Administrative Offices 78 West Lee Street Warrenton, Virginia 20186 Non-Emergency (540) 422-8600 FAX: 540-422-8608 Detention Center 50 West Lee Street Warrenton, Virginia 20186 Non-Emergency (540) 422-8700 Operational Hours Administrative Office 8:00am- 4:30pm Civil Process Office 8:00 am - 4:30 p.m. Staff Lt. Col. Chad Brubaker Office of the Sheriff Major Jason Romero Office of the Sheriff Major Ray Prudhum Office of the Sheriff Major Mike Zeets Office of the Sheriff Free viewers are required for some of the attached documents. They can be downloaded by clicking on the icons below. Download Acrobat Reader Download Windows Media Player Download Word Viewer Download Excel Viewer Download PowerPoint Viewer News No results found. Events No results found. View Full Site