Torrance County, New Mexico - County Sheriff Skip to Content Home | Sitemap | Search Site Menu Departments Animal Services 911 Dispatch County Assessor County Clerk County Commission County Manager County Sheriff County Treasurer Emergency Mgmt. Facilities Management Finance Department Fire Department Grants Department Human Resources Planning & Zoning Probate Judge Purchasing Department Risk Management Road Department Rural Addressing Services Indigent Burial Programs & Services Fair Ground Rental/Lease Torrance County Domestic Violence Program Torrance County DWI Prevention Program Boards & Committees County Commission Commission PDF Archive Commission Video Archive Planning & Zoning Planning & Zoning Video Archive Safety Committee County Fair Board Estancia Valley Youth & Family Council Infrastructure Capital Improvement Project Committee Partnership for a Healthy Torrance Community Estancia Valley Solid Waste Authority Contact Us General Info IPRA Request Procurement Public Comment Employment Opportunities News Calendar COVID-19 Resources County Sheriff You are here: Home » Departments » County Sheriff Mission Statement The Torrance County Sheriff’s Office is committed to protect the lives, property and rights of all people, to maintain order and to enforce the law. The Torrance County Sheriff’s Office will strive to accomplish this mission by setting goals and objectives and practicing the core values of the Office. It is our mission to improve and maintain the quality of life we enjoy and to ensure that our county is a safe place to live, work and visit. We are totally dedicated to this mission, to the County we serve and to accept the responsibility of attaining our goal of achieving excellence within our profession. Quicklinks New Mexico Sex Offender Information Page IPRA Request Form - Online IPRA Request Form - Fillable IPRA Request Form - Printable Fillable TSCO Complaint Form Complaint Form- Printable REPORT CRIME TORRANCE COUNTY SHERIFF ANONYMOUS TIP LINE: tips@tcnm.us 505-510-9003 Goals Treat everyone with fairness and respect. Earn the respect of our community and peers. Resolve each situation in the most judicious way possible. Present ourselves, in appearance and actions, in the highest degree of professionalism. Efficiently use all of our resources in pursuit of our mission. Strive to set ourselves as role models for our community. Be driven in our mission to assist in making Torrance County the best place in the world to live. Department Downloads General Downloads General Downloads All downloads are in PDF format, click here to download Acrobat Reader TSCO Complaint Printable Form 08-11-25 Torrance County Sheriff PO BOX 498 Estancia New Mexico, 87016 903 N 5th Street (Neil Mertz Judicial Complex) Contact Phone: (505) 544-4900 David Frazee County Sheriff dfrazee@tcnm.us Stephanie Reynolds Undersheriff sreynolds@tcnm.us Reecie Eckard Executive Assistant reckard@tcnm.us General Information Employment Opportunities Procurement Road Maintenance Request Form Sign Request Form Programs & Services Domestic Violence Program Memorial Page Staff Email Login ©2026 Torrance County, New Mexico all rights reserved | Website Design and Development by Lobo Internet Services