Inmate Personal Mail Skip to main content Skip to main menu Inmate Personal Mail Friends and Family Staying Connected In-Person Visitation Attorney/Client Contact Inmate Financial Transactions Youth Cost of Care Payments Constituent Services Mail Connect Through Mail Montana State Prison, Montana Women’s Prison, Pine Hills Correctional Facility, and Riverside All inmate personal mail at Montana State Prison, Montana Women’s Prison, Riverside, and Pine Hills Correctional Facility is scanned at an off-site facility and digitally delivered to inmates on their assigned tablets. Any inmate personal mail that arrives at these facilities will be returned to the sender. Please closely review the DOC’s policy on offender mail . Learn about legal mail processes at DOC facilities . Learn where to send checks, money orders, and cashier’s checks Where do I send personal inmate mail? Full Facility Name and State (eg. Montana State Prison, Montana Women's Prison, Pine Hills Correctional Facility, Riverside) Inmate Full First and Last Name, AO Number PO Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131. Use the following format for juveniles at Pine Hills Correctional Facility: Pine Hills Correctional Facility- MONTANA (Youth Initials) #00(Youth ID) PO Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 For example, to send a letter to juvenile John Doe #45651, the envelope should be addressed: All the above information must appear on the envelope for mail to be delivered. In addition, the sender’s full name and address must be clearly written in the top left corner of the envelope. For juveniles at Pine Hills, use initials instead of full names. Mail that is not properly addressed will be returned to the sender. Use the email addresses below to report mail that is not returned. Questions? Contact: MSP mailroom: CORMSPMailroom@mt.gov MWP mailroom: CORMWPMailRoom@mt.gov Riverside mailroom: CORRiversideMailRoom@mt.gov Pine Hills Correctional Facility mailroom: CORPineHillsMailRoom@mt.gov Crossroads Correctional Center, Dawson County Correctional Facility All inmate personal mail at Crossroads Correctional Center and Dawson County Correctional Facility is scanned on-site at those facilities and digitally delivered to inmates on their assigned tablets. Where do I send personal inmate mail? Inmate Full First and Last Name, AO Number Crossroads Correctional Center 50 Crossroads Drive Shelby, MT 59474 Inmate Full First and Last Name, AO Number Dawson County Correctional Facility 440 Colorado Blvd. Glendive, MT 59330 Where do I send checks, money orders, and cashier’s checks? When sending checks, money orders, or cashier’s checks, do not include personal letters in the envelope or all items will be returned to the sender. Montana State Prison Montana State Prison Attn: Mail Room Staff Inmate’s Name, AO Number 700 Conley Lake Road Deer Lodge, MT 59722 Montana Women’s Prison Montana Women’s Prison Attn: Mail Room Staff Inmate’s Name, AO Number 701 South 27th Street Billings, MT 59101 Pine Hills Correctional Facility Pine Hills Correctional Facility Attn: Mail Room Staff Inmate’s Name, AO Number 4 North Haynes Avenue Miles City, MT 59301 Riverside Riverside Attn: Mail Room Staff Inmate’s Name, AO Number 2 Riverside Road Boulder, MT 59632 Crossroads Correctional Center Crossroads Correctional Center Inmate Name, AO Number 50 Crossroads Drive Shelby, MT 59474 Dawson County Correctional Facility Dawson County Correctional Facility Inmate Name, AO Number 440 Colorado Blvd. Glendive, MT 59330 Tallahatchie County Correctional Center Tallahatchie County Correctional Center Tallahatchie County Correctional Facility Information How do I send books and other publications to an inmate? Senders must be approved visitors and books must be received at DOC facilities directly from the vendor (Amazon, etc.). Please use the addresses provided in the section above.