About the Sheriff's Office | New Castle County, DE - Official Website Sheriff's Office Skip to Main Content Search Home Governance Sheriff's Office About the Sheriff's Office SCAM ALERT Scroll down to "Out-of-State" for instructions on how to request service for civil court documents issued by other than a State of Delaware court. Effective March 11, 2025 , $10,000.00 in Certified Funds (Cashier's Check/Money Order) is required at registration to receive a Bidder Card for all Real Estate Sheriff Sales. Collected only if you are the winning bidder. Sheriff Sales of Real Estate are held on the second Tuesday of every month at 9:00 a.m. with Bidder Registration beginning at 7:30 a.m. and are conducted at the City/County Building, 800 N. French Street, Wilmington, DE 19801 . Bidders are encouraged to arrive early to register and to print out and complete the bidder registrations forms click here prior to arriving at the sale. Bidders that arrive late for registration run the risk of not being registered to bid when the sale starts. Sheriff Sales are conducted publicly and in-person as required by law. Face Coverings and Social Distancing may be required for entry. Notwithstanding these safety-measures, every public gathering carries the risk of exposure to germs and viruses. 20% Deposit is required at time of sale for all Mortgage (Lev Fac) and Judgment (JUDG) Sales. Monition (Tax) Sales are 100% due at time of sale. $500 - Late Payment Fee will be charged and deducted from the 3rd Party Buyer's Deposit in all cases where final payment is made after the specified Due By Date. Assignment of Bid Effective July 1, 2024 there will be an assignment of bid fee equal to 0.25% of the high bid amount, per Assignment, with a minimum fee of $125.00. All Assignments must be submitted in writing to the NCC Sheriff’s Office prior to 4 pm on the Thursday following the third Monday of the month following the sale and must include payment in certified funds or attorney check. Assignment of bids received without payment will not be accepted. The Assignment of Bid must include the winning Bidder's name and authorized signature along with the Assignee's name, physical address (no PO Box), cell phone, email address, and authorized signature. The document and signatures must be notarized Goods & Chattels Sheriff Sales (Only): Effective 1/1/2023 t he NCC Sheriff will accept CASH and/or Certified Check (cashier/money order). Make Check payable to NCC Sheriff . Personal/Business Checks will not be accepted. Access to the Sheriff's Office is OPEN to the Public. Responsibilities and Primary Functions Service of Process The Office of Sheriff provides service of process for writs issued by the Superior Court, Court of Common Pleas, Court of Chancery, and various courts from other states and countries. The Office of the Sheriff also serves subpoenas issued by the Department of Justice, Department of Labor, and Industrial Accident Board. Out-of-State Required for Out-of-State service in New Castle County 1. Praecipe (instruction letter) What are we serving? Who are we serving? Where are we serving it? When does it need to be served by? 2. Plaintiff/Law Firm contact information (Name, Address, Phone #, Email Address) 3. Documents to be served 4. Blank Affidavit of Service, only if your court will not accept our Affidavit of Service. 5. Self-Addressed Postage Paid Return Envelope. 6. Payment for service must be in Certified Funds (Money Order, Cashier’s Check) or from Law Firm’s Account payable to NCC Sheriff . ***No Cash or Personal Checks*** 7. Send to: NCC Sheriff’s Office Attn. Out of State 800 N. French St. 5th Floor Wilmington, DE 19801 8. Fee - $85 (1 Defendant at 1 address). $10 for each additional Defendant at the same address/same registered agent, same case. $95 - 2 Defendants at same address/same registered agent. $105 - 3 Defendants at same address/same registered agent $170 - 2 Defendants at 2 different addresses. $170 - 2 Defendants at 2 different registered agents. $255 - 3 Defendants at 3 different addresses. $255 - 3 Defendants at 3 different registered agents, etc.… $85 - Subpoena/Summons to Appear Re: Protection from Abuse Hearing - Non domestic. Fee Exempt - Protection From Abuse/ Temporary Restraining Order - Domestic Only Checks must be made payable to NCC Sheriff. Call the Out of State Unit at 302-395-8464 if you have any questions. *Real Estate Sheriff Sale Information* Real Estate Auctions are held at 9:00 a.m. on the second Tuesday of each month at a location listed on the Sheriff's Office home webpage. The auctions offer Real Estate that is being foreclosed upon due to nonpayment of mortgage or for nonpayment of various local government taxes or judgments. BUYER BEWARE: It is the responsibility of the Bidder to do their due diligence before bidding on a property. Real Property subject to Sheriff Sale is advertised in The News Journal and Newark Post or New Castle Weekly or Middletown Transcript in addition to posting a copy of the sale poster at a public location in the County Hundreds and on the subject property. Cash is not accepted for Sheriff Sales of Real Estate $10,000 deposit must be in the form of Cashier’s Check/Certified Funds with the balance of the deposit to be paid by personal/business check. No Starter Checks. Sheriff sales are court ordered actions and as such must be free of distraction. Solicitation of business or services during the auction is prohibited. Failure to comply with the rules will result in your being asked to leave the premises. Bidder Registration All Bidders must register prior to the start of the New Castle County Sheriff Sale to be eligible to bid. 1st Time Attorneys and All Pro Se must register to bid prior to the sale. Please contact the Sheriff’s Office prior to the sale date to ensure you are properly registered. Bidder Registration is held between 7:30 a.m. and 9:15 a.m. on the day of sale. Be sure to arrive early as the Auction starts immediately following the opening instructions that begin at 9:00 a.m. In order to receive a bidder number , you must sign a copy of the Auction Rules acknowledging the receipt of the rules and provide the information required on the Bidder Registration Form which is available during registration and on our webpage here Version Options Headline . In order to register to bid, you must have: * a valid driver’s license (or government issued ID w/photo) * a $10,000.00 cashier’s check payable to NCC Sheriff * a personal/business checkbook with checks and proof you are eligible to sign the checks. No starter checks. If you are registering as a Business or Organization you must have proof that you are associated with the entity. (i.e. copy of business license, copy of LLC documents, Articles of Incorporation, etc...) Bidder Requirements for New Castle County Monition (Tax) Sales Bidders must prequalify if required by the Terms of Sale included on the public notice. During bidder registration, the bidder must complete Part 1 of the Bid-Purchase Prequalification Application. This application is available here and will be available at bidder registration. If Part 1 is properly signed and dated, New Castle County will approve Part 1 and it will serve as the bidder’s Prequalification Certificate. A New Castle County Tax Bidder Card will be issued for the bidder to display during the auction that indicates the bidder has been prequalified to place bids on property brought to sale by the government entity requiring the prequalification. The bidder should retain the Part 1/Prequalification Certificate to submit to the Sheriff & New Castle County upon winning a bid. Registered bidders that do not secure a Tax Bidder Card will not be permitted to bid on any properties brought by the government entity requiring prequalification but may bid on other properties. The winning bidder of a property that requires bidder prequalification must report to the Sheriff’s Payment Table immediately upon winning a bid. The winner bidder must submit: (1) the approved Part 1 and a completed and signed Part 2 of the Bid-Purchase Prequalification Application; (2) 100% of the bid amount; and (3) the $50 prequalification application fee. Failure to submit any of the required items may result in the property immediately going back to the Auctioneer and made available to other bidders. Assignment(s) of Bid Any property that requires bidder prequalification also requires prequalification of the assignee prior to assignment of the bid. The Assignment Prequalification Application is available here . An Assignment Prequalification Application must be submitted 10 business days prior to the sale’s confirmation. Tax-exempt Organizations Certain tax-exempt organizations engaged in providing affordable housing may be exempt from these requirements. These organizations may present proof of a Status Certificate. The Status Application is available here . Additional Information Questions regarding the prequalification requirements should be directed to the Finance Department of the government entity that brought the sale (Plaintiff). The Sheriff is not authorized to waive the prequalification requirements. Please see the following code provisions for the prequalification legal requirements. New Castle County unincorporated areas: 9 Del. C. § 8726 ; New Castle County Code § 14.13.001-14.13.005 . Municipalities (cities/towns): 22 Del. C. § 113 . Excess Proceeds Lien holders and Homeowners are expected to contact the Office of the Sheriff to determine whether proceeds remain after the costs of the sale have been disbursed. If excess proceeds remain unclaimed and/or the rightful owner cannot be determined or located after 90 days, they will be disbursed to the Prothonotary of NCC for placement in escrow and listed on the Superior Court of New Castle County website. Search for Owners of Unclaimed Sheriff's Sale Excess Proceeds at Project Rightful Owner Superior Court of Delaware (excess proceeds) www.rightfulowner.delaware.gov Project Rightful Owner Petition Requirements http://courts.delaware.gov/superior/rightfulowner/sale2.aspx Foreclosure Prevention Help Starting January 19, 2012, the Attorney General, together with other agencies and organizations, initiated a mandatory mortgage foreclosure mediation program to give homeowner's a voice in the foreclosure process. FREE HELP is available through this program. The Attorney General’s Office continues to work hard to bridge the gap of communication and resolutions between the servicers and homeowners who continue to struggle for help with retaining their mortgages. questions? call Mortgage Hotline 1-800-220-5424 or click Attorney Generals Office Site: Foreclosure Mediation Program Delaware State Housing Authority (DSHA) for more information and activities on foreclosure help contact Delaware Emergency Mortgage Assistance Program (DEMAP) Delaware State Housing Authority and AG's Office Initiative : www.delawarehomeownerrelief.com Delaware Community Reinvestment Action Council, Inc. (DCRAC) New Castle County For more information contact DCRAC ( www.dcrac.org ) or 877-825-0750 x100. Auction of Personal / Business Property (Goods &Chattels) Held as needed throughtout the year at the property locations. Sales are held offering personal or business property levied upon for personal or business debt. Contact Information Deputy Line : To contact the Deputy who has left a message for service call Phone: (302) 395-8454 General Information: For General Information and to check service results Monday - Friday 8AM to 4PM Phone: (302) 395-8450 Out of State Writs: For information on documents sent to New Castle County from jurisdictions outside the State of Delaware Phone: (302) 395-8464 Goods and Chattels: For information on the auction of personal property Phone: (302) 395-8466 Wage Attachments: For information on the service of documents related to wage attachments Phone: (302) 395-8466 Prisoner Information: The NCC Sheriff does not detain, transport or house Prisoners. Persons detained at the NCC Courthouse are in the custody of Capitol Police. For information on persons detained by Capitol Police call Phone: (302) 255-0043, Monday - Friday 9AM to 5PM. Contact Us Honorable Scott T. Phillips Sheriff Sheriff's Office Physical Address City/County Building 800 N. French St., 5th Floor Wilmington , DE 19801 Phone: 302-395-8450 Fax: 302-395-8460 Office Hours Monday - Friday 7:30 a.m. - 4 p.m. Deputy Lines Phone: 302-395-8454 Phone: 302-395-8455 Deputy Hours Monday - Thursday 7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m. Friday 7:30 a.m. - 3 p.m. Directory Delaware Community Reinvestment Action Council, Inc. (DCRAC) Delaware Foreclosure Mediation Program Delaware State Housing Authority (DSHA) Mortgage Foreclosures Sheriff Auction Rules and Bidder Registration (PDF) Prequalification Application Forms for NCC Tax Sales 2026 Sheriff Sale Schedule - Real Estate 2025 Sheriff Sale Schedule - Real Estate Sheriff's Office Audit Report (PDF) Environmental Contamination? Delaware Environmental Navigator (DEN) Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control (DNREC) View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Online Payments Parks & Recreation Employment New Castle County Government Center 87 Reads Way New Castle, DE 19720 Phone: 302-395-5555 Agendas & Minutes Council's Agenda Center County Council FOIA Request Outstanding Refund Checks Flood Protection /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Disclaimer and Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow