Yankton County Sheriff, Yankton, SD Skip to content Yankton County Sheriff Call Map Email Committed to protect the lives, property and rights of all people. Thank you for visiting the Yankton County Sheriff's Office Website. The office of the Sheriff has many duties as required by state statute. "The Sheriff shall keep and preserve the peace within his county, for which purpose he is empowered to call to his aid such persons or power of his county as he may deem necessary. He must pursue and apprehend all felons, and must execute all writs, warrants, and other process from any court or magistrate which shall be directed to him by legal authority" SDCL 7-12-1 The office of the Sheriff also has the responsibility for the administration and operation of the Yankton County Jail. The Yankton County Jail has a capacity of housing 120 inmates. The Sheriff's Office is also responsible for the safe transport of Yankton County prisoners to and from any jurisdiction in the state by court order and for returning felony suspects that may be extradited from anywhere in the United States for criminal charges in Yankton County. In addition to our statutory responsibilities the Deputies of the Office investigate crimes and respond to the many different calls for law enforcement assistance throughout the county 24 hours a day 7 days a week. Current Inmates View Current Inmates Unserved Warrants View Warrants Foreclosures View Foreclosures YANKTON COUNTY SHERIFF OFFICE SERVICES Jail Information Learn More Concealed Weapon Permit Learn More Fingerprinting Learn More Civil Process (Fees & Costs) Learn More Emergency? Dial 911 HOW CAN WE HELP YOU? Get in Touch Give us a call or send us a message using the form below. Your Name Your Email Address Your Phone Number Your Message This website and its agents make no promises, guarantees, representations, or warranties, expressed or implied, and assume no duty or liability with regard to the information contained herein or associated in any way therewith. No legal or other professional services are being rendered and nothing is intended to provide such services or advice of any kind. The inclusion of external hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or approval of those sites or their contents. This web site bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of external sites or for that of subsequent links. Those who visit or use this web site, links, or any other information assume all risks associated therewith. 410 Walnut Suite 104 Yankton, South Dakota 57078 Phone: (605) 668-3567 Fax: (605) 260-2781 Sheriff@co.yankton.sd.us Copyright ©2026 Yankton County Sheriff. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Yankton Media Login