Dixon Correctional Institute - Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections Dixon Correctional Institute back to map Physical Address 5568 LA-68, Jackson, LA 70748 Phone (225) 634-1200 Mailing Address Post Office Box 788, Jackson, LA 70748 Warden E. Dustin Bickham Mission It is the mission of Corrections Services and Dixon Correctional Institute (DCI) to provide for custody, care, control, and treatment of adjudicated people in prison through enforcement of laws and management of programs designed to ensure the safety of the public, staff, and imprisoned people. These programs help imprisoned people reintegrate into society upon their release. Demographics 52% of DCI’s population is comprised of people convicted of violent offenses. The average length of sentence is 21 years. 42% of people imprisoned at DCI are between 30-44 years of age. Directions Dixon Correctional Institute is located approximately 30 miles north of Baton Rouge. From downtown , take I-110 North for approximately 8 miles. Merge onto U.S. Highway 61 North via Exit 8B toward Natchez and travel 12.3 miles. Turn right onto Louisiana Hwy. 68 and travel 9.6 miles. A white picket fence borders the grounds of DCI. Turn left at DCI’s main entrance. Visitation Information When a visitor arrives at the prison, he or she must park in the front parking lot. The front parking lot is located in front of the Visiting Processing Center outside the prison gate. Anyone who is not visiting must leave the prison grounds. Loitering in the parking lot or on the grounds is not allowed. Facilities are available for people with disabilities and, if needed, the prison will provide transportation from the Visiting Processing Center to the sallyports for visiting. An approved visitor is required to furnish positive picture identification each time he or she visits. This requirement must be met by anyone 15 years of age or older. If any approved visitor (one who is on an imprisoned person’s visiting list) cannot furnish positive photo identification, the security shift supervisor or duty officer may approve entrance into the Visiting Room provided that some other means of positive identification is met. Visitors are allowed to bring only the following items into the Visiting Room: Vehicle keys Picture identification Cash money for vending machines or ticket machines One credit/debit card for use in JPAY kiosk machine Visitors wishing to place money in an imprisoned person’s account at the time of the visit can only do so through the JPAY kiosk machine located in the Visitor Processing Office. For more information, click here. Emergency medications such as nitroglycerin must be left with the Visiting Desk Officer during visiting. All other items must be locked in the visitor’s vehicle. All visitors are subject to a search. Introduction of contraband, drugs, alcohol, or weapons into the prison is a felony for which you will be prosecuted under LA R.S. 14:402. Refusal to submit to search will result in denial of visit. Any individual, including minors, entering any Department of Corrections prison is subject to searches of their property, automobile, and person. Searches include, but are not limited to: visual inspection of person or property, electronic searches of persons for narcotics, pat-down searches of your person, inspection of person or property by dogs trained to detect drugs, weapons and other contraband, strip searches of your body, and searches of your body cavities. A visitor who is discovered introducing contraband into DCI will be subject to indefinite suspension of visiting privileges and being criminally charged. Visitors will not be allowed to bring weapons onto institution grounds including all parking lots. A visitor will not be permitted into this institution when the odor or effects of alcoholic beverage are present. Visitor Dress Code Visitors shall be properly dressed. The following clothing articles are NOT allowed: Cut-off pants Halter tops, tank tops, and sleeveless shirts of any type Low-cut articles of clothing exposing the upper torso See-through clothing Mini skirts Blue chambray shirts Blue jean overalls Gray or white sweatshirts Camouflage clothing T-shirts. A T-shirt is defined as a shirt without a collar or buttons. The following exception applies for visitors under the age of 15, but the T-shirts must not be revealing or contain logos which are sexual or racial. Female visitors may wear culottes and skorts, however, they must be no shorter than one (1) inch above the knee. No form of seductive garment shall be allowed, and appropriate undergarments (bra and panties) must be worn. If a dress is “see-through” a slip must be worn. Male and female visitors will be allowed to wear blue jeans and shorts. All shorts must be hemmed and must be no shorter than one (1) inch above the knee. Visiting Schedule Visiting will be from 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Non-contact visiting is only on Fridays. Visitors will not be admitted to DCI after 3:00 p.m. Visitors will be admitted to DCI as soon as possible after arrival for visiting. Visiting will be conducted on the first four weekends of each month. Visiting will not be conducted on the fifth weekend, except when allowable as a “special privilege” with the PRIDE Program. Visiting Duration and Limitations Due to limited space, an imprisoned person will be allowed only four (4) visitors, including children. Visiting will be two (2) hours in duration. People in prison may have two (2) visits per month from each approved visitor. Imprisoned people are allowed four (4) visitors, including children, per two (2) hour visit. Children under the age of six months old will not be counted as one of the four visitors on the visiting list. Visiting for imprisoned people in the Extended Lockdown is as follows: Level 1 imprisoned persons will be allowed two (2) visitors per visit. Each visit will be thirty (30) minutes in duration. No physical contact will be allowed. Level 2 imprisoned persons will be allowed two (2) visitors per visit. Each visit will be one (1) hour in duration. No physical contact will be allowed. Level 3 imprisoned persons will be allowed three (3) visitors per visit. Each visit will be one (2) hour in duration. No physical contact will be allowed. Educational Programming DCI provides the opportunity for participation in educational and vocational classes. These include: Adult Basic Education (ABE)/High School Equivalency (HSE) Literacy Collision Repair Carpentry Automotive Technology Welding Special School District (SSD) #1 College courses (correspondence) Our vocational programs are provided through a cooperative effort with Louisiana Community and Technical College System/Baton Rouge Community College. Other Programs & Services Programs Substance Abuse Program The purpose of the Substance Abuse Program is to provide substance abuse education to people in prison who reported having a substance abuse history. In order to provide opportunities for involvement by all people in prison, DCI uses a combination of classroom/group activities and self-help meetings. Pre-Release Programming It is the philosophy of the DCI Administration that discharge planning begins at admission and continues throughout the period of incarceration. There are a variety of opportunities available for self-improvement. La. R.S. 15:827.1 mandates 100 hours of pre-release training prior to being released. Participation is mandatory by law for all people releasing from prison. In addition to completing the 100 hours of training, a reentry team also works closely with each imprisoned person to ensure he has two forms of identification prior to his scheduled release date. The reentry team also works with local employers to place people releasing from prison in jobs and temporary housing situations. Reentry Programming Reentry programming enhances preparation for an imprisoned person’s release and begins when he enters the state correctional system. People in prison are encouraged to learn marketable skills, develop new behaviors, address deficiencies, act responsibly and plan for a positive future. People in prison will receive intensified preparation in the 18 to 24 months before their release. Youthful Offender Program This program is designed to provide an environment where imprisoned youths can develop self-esteem, self-discipline and positive attitudes along with the cognitive skills necessary to re-enter society and be successful. The program provides tailored case management plans to meet the specific needs of each imprisoned youth as well as to create or repair family relationships. Imprisoned youth must be 19 years of age or younger to participate in the program. Eligible youth must also have five years or less to their earliest release date. Imprisoned youth who are 16 years of age or younger will participate in the program regardless of sentence length. The program is based on voluntary enrollment and will last for a minimum of 12 months. Faith and Character Based Program (FCBD) The FCBD Program is offered to people imprisoned at Dixon Correctional Institute to facilitate institutional adjustment, rehabilitation, reintegration into the community, and reduction of recidivism, and also offers a full range of religious accommodations. Participation is voluntary and the opportunity to participate is available to all eligible people in prison. Additionally, in cooperation with other reentry programs, the FCBD is an essential component in preparing imprisoned people for release. Religious and Volunteer Programs The following faith groups have services and faith group studies: Protestants, Catholics, Jehovah’s Witnesses, Muslims, Institute of Divine Metaphysical Research, and Wicca. Chaplains, chaplains assistants and volunteers of the appropriate faith group conduct services and faith group studies. Chaplains assistants and volunteers teach discipleship groups and intensive biblical studies. Organizations for People in Prison Incarcerated Veterans Jaycees Toastmasters Services Medical Services The Medical Department delivers inpatient, outpatient and emergency health care services for people in prison on a 24-hour, seven-days- a-week basis. The Medical Department at DCI is unique in that it provides for the care and treatment of all dialysis patients in the department. Mental Health Services provided by the Mental Health Department include crisis intervention, individual counseling, therapy for people convicted of sex offenses, anger management, special topics groups, character counts, case management for imprisoned youth, aftercare referrals to appropriate agencies, and assisting imprisoned people with housing after release. Recreational Activities Recreational activities are structured to accommodate imprisoned people of all ages and physical condition. We offer a variety of outdoor as well as indoor recreational activities. These activities include basketball, football, softball, volleyball, weight lifting, boxing, pool, and various board games. DCI Employee Activity Committee The DCI Employee Activity Fund was established to enhance motivation and morale among employees. The DCI Employee Activity Committee is an independent organization open to all employees. Members receive flowers upon hospitalization or the death of a family member, a gift at retirement, and are also eligible to win bank money cards drawn quarterly. Training The DCI Training Department is responsible for orientation and in service training of all new hires. In addition, the Training Department has its own training academy responsible for effectively training all new correctional officers in DCI policies and procedures prior to independent assignment to their job. Agricultural Programs DCI serves as the center for replacement heifers for all DPS&C facilities, as well as the center for receiving new breeding bulls. Industrial Operations DCI’s industrial operations consist of Prison Enterprises’ operations which include the Wakefield Meat Processing Distribution Plant and Warehouse, the janitorial service program which provides services for state buildings in Baton Rouge, Prison Enterprises’ embroidery operation, and an office seating assembly plant. Community Service People in prison who are on work crews are assigned for general maintenance service to the City of Zachary and East Baton Rouge Parish. In addition, these crews assist during emergency situations or natural disasters. People in prison who are on work crews also provide labor to local schools and state agencies. DCI supplies crews to pick up litter on state and interstate highways in south Louisiana as well. Community Involvement All interested individuals and community groups or organizations are encouraged to participate with DCI in the development, implementation, and evaluation of programs. Special emphasis will be made to coordinate with law enforcement agencies and courts. Learn more about the Pen Pals, Inc. Animal Shelter and Adoption Center. Jump to section Contact Information Mission Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Other Programs & Services Additional Information Contact Information Mission Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Other Programs & Services