Jails | Multnomah County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Search Search Jails Jump to: Locations Multnomah County Detention Center (MCDC) Body Click here to view the visiting hours for MCDC Address 1120 SW Third Avenue, Portland , OR 97204 Phone (503) 988-3689 Inverness Jail (MCIJ) Body Click here to view the visiting hours for MCIJ Address 11540 NE Inverness Drive, Portland , OR 97220 Phone (503) 988-5060 View visitation information here Find an adult in custody Post bail To post bail, call 503-988-3689 for instructions. Self-bail can be posted through TouchPay Online (MCSO Facility #297204) and at Inverness Jail lobby (11540 NE Inverness Drive Portland, OR 97220) daily from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. Bail posted in-person is available at the Multnomah County Justice Center lobby (1120 SW 3rd Ave. Portland, OR 97204) 24 hours a day, including weekends and holidays. Mail You may send letters and other correspondence through the U.S. Postal Service to an adult in custody. Here are instructions for how to properly address mailings to adults in custody. The words “Inmate Mail” at the top Use the first name and last name that the person was booked under and SWIS ID number, even if its not the person’s true name Use the address “11540 NE Inverness Drive Portland, OR 97220,” regardless of where adult in custody is housed You must include a return address in order for mail to be delivered! Mailing Address Example All mail is routed through the Inverness Jail, even for individuals housed downtown at the Detention Center. All incoming mail will be opened and inspected. To avoid having mail sent back to you, it is best to use pencil, ball-point pen, or colored pencil to compose letters, drawings, etc. There are restrictions on the content and materials that persons may send into the jail. In addition to using the U.S. mail, you may send a written note by coming to one of the jails and fill out an “Inmate Memo Form” that will be sent through our inter-departmental mail system. After filling out a form, give it to a Facility Security Officer. They will accept the forms between 7:30 AM and 10:30 PM every day, except holidays. Facility Security Officers will not accept personal mail for an adult in custody. Personal mail must be sent through the postal service. Legal mail Legal mail may be sent through U.S. postal service or a commercial parcel service. An attorney or other legal staff may also drop legal mail off with a Facility Security Officer at one of the jails; the person dropping the mail off must show valid identification. Such mail should be clearly marked as “LEGAL MAIL” on the address side of the envelope or parcel. Mailroom staff will take steps to verify the sender. Legal mail will be searched for contraband in the presence of the recipient. Guidelines for sending publications, periodicals, calendars, and notebooks There are rules and guidelines that apply to the different materials that may be sent through the mail. For example, books and magazines must come directly from a publisher or commercial retailer and also have some size limitations. Packages sent directly from a private party to an adult in custody will be rejected. Adults in custody are allowed to receive publications (e.g. books), periodicals (e.g. magazines), calendars and notebooks that are mailed directly from the publisher or an approved commercial retailer. Examples of approved commercial retailers are Powell’s Books, Amazon, and Barnes & Noble. Such items must not contain any prohibited materials (see list below) and must also adhere to the following guidelines: 1. Must measure no larger than 9” x 13” and 3” thick; 2. Must not be hardback or leather bound; and 3. Must not have a spiral binding. 4. An adult in custody may receive up to four publications, periodicals, calendars, or notebooks per delivery. Adults in custody are permitted to possess four (4) publications or periodicals at a time. Books, magazines, newspapers, journals, calendars, and notebooks all count toward this limit. If an individual receives a new publication or periodical that causes them to have more than four (4) items, the excess must be donated to the jail library stock for general circulation. Persons who are on disciplinary segregation will not receive publications or periodicals immediately, but such items will be stored with the rest of their personal items until moved out of disciplinary segregation Persons who will be transported to another non-MCSO correctional facility are not permitted to bring books or magazines with them. Materials prohibited in mail addressed to adults in custody 1. Alarming or Inflammatory Material, which includes the following: Writings, images, or other material facilitating or providing guidance for building weapons, escaping from confinement, circumventing rules of the jail, or performing unlawful acts. Writings, images, or other material that would pose an articulable threat to the security, good order, or treatment goals of the jail, or to the personal safety of anyone. Writings, images, or other material that promote a hostile work environment. Writings, images, or other material condoning, advocating, or whose purpose is to incite violence against others. This includes, but is not limited to, materials that promote supremacy over, or hatred or discrimination against a defined group or class of persons (e.g. persons of a specific race, ethnicity, religion, gender, or sexual orientation) 2. Contraband or suspected Contraband, including: Controlled substances, as defined in ORS 475.005; Drug paraphernalia, as defined in ORS 475.525; Weapons, explosives, and flammable materials; and Any item whose possession is prohibited by law or facility rule, policy, or order. 3. Sexually Explicit Material, which includes, but is not limited to the following: Photographs, images, or other visual depictions in which the human genitalia, pubic area, anus, or female areola are not completely covered by opaque material. Photographs, images, or other visual depictions of sexual acts or behaviors, including the following: i. Portrayals of actual or simulated sexual intercourse, oral sex, or anal sex between human beings. ii. Portrayals of actual or simulated penetration of the vagina or anus. iii. Portrayals of actual or simulated stimulation of the breast, genitals, or anus, whether by contact with a hand, mouth, or other object or body part. iv. Portrayal of actual or simulated acts or threatened acts of force or violence in a sexual context including, but not limited to, rape or acts of sadomasochism emphasizing the infliction of pain. v. Portrayals of any of the actual or simulated sexual acts or behaviors described above between a human being and an animal. Photographs, images, or other visual depictions of actual or simulated human excretory functions including, but not limited to, urination, defecation, or ejaculation. Written depictions of certain sexual acts or behaviors, including the following: i. Depictions of actual or simulated acts or threatened acts of force or violence in a sexual context including, but not limited to, rape or acts of sadomasochism emphasizing the infliction of pain. ii. Depictions of actual or simulated sexual acts or behaviors, as described in section above, in which the participant or subject of the action is under the age of 18. iii. Depictions of actual or simulated sexual acts or behaviors, as described in section above, between a human being and an animal. Writings, images, or other materials that violate State or local obscenity laws. 4. Other specific materials and items prohibited in mail: a. Blank paper or blank cards. b. Blank, pre-addressed, or pre-stamped envelopes in personal mail. c. Clippings from books (clippings from newspapers or magazines are okay). d. Communications restrained by a court (i.e. in violation of a court order). e. Currency or currency equivalents (such as bus passes, phone cards, gift cards, etc.), other than government checks. f. Items not readily searchable (including, but not limited to, multiple layers of paper glued or bonded together, origami or other intricately folded paper, padded or bubble envelopes, polaroid-type photos, plastic labels, stickers, tape, and materials with painted, laminated or waxed coating (including crayon)). g. Letters, messages or other materials intended for anyone other than the addressee. h. Letters or other correspondence written in code. i. Mail requiring payment of postage or cash on delivery (COD). j. Negotiable Instruments (e.g. checks), unless issued by a governmental agency. k. Packages from a commercial vendor containing anything other than photographs, Publications; Periodicals; blank calendars, diaries or journals meeting guidelines for Publications & Periodicals; or pre-approved religious material. l. Packages sent from a private party. m. Pictures, postcards, or cards larger than 8.5” x 11”. n. Plastic, wood, stone or metal items. o. Postage stamps. p. Substances such as bodily fluids, glitter, glue, lipstick, perfume, and other unidentifiable substances that may appear as stains or marks on Mail Phone Adults in custody have access to a list of phone numbers for public defenders, official agencies, and certain private attorneys in each housing area. Calls made to any of the numbers on this “Toll-Free List” are free of charge. Collect calls may be made to persons or entities not on the Toll-Free List. The person or entity receiving the call will be responsible for the toll. Additional information regarding phone usage in jail: Adults in custody may make personal or legal phone calls during their scheduled walk time. Members of the public cannot call into the jail to speak with someone in custody. Personal phone calls are monitored and recorded. Individuals are not permitted to initiate three-way or third-party calls. Such calls will be detected and terminated by the jail’s phone system. The jail’s telephone system has usage guidelines, limiting the total minutes and call attempts. Each personal call is programmed to last no more than 15 minutes. If you accept a collect call from someone in jail, the phone account associated with the number called will automatically be charged at the designated rate per call To set up a phone account to receive calls from the jail, contact SECURUS Technologies. SECURUS Technologies is responsible for addressing any billing or jail telephone service issues. 1-800-844-6591 Toll-Free Number or Visit the Securus website at www.securustech.net Inappropriate phone usage & Blocked calls If a person in an MCSO jail is using the telephone to harass or threaten you or another person and you would like to report this, please contact the specific facility where the person is housed. The facility will act immediately to address urgent matters. Detention Center (in the Justice Center downtown): (503) 988-3689 Inverness Jail: (503) 988-5060 You may block calls from the jail by pressing 6 on the phone keypad when you receive a call. Your number may automatically be blocked from accepting calls from the jail for any of the following reasons: ◦ Non-payment to local phone company or inmate telephone provider ◦ Exceeding daily, weekly or monthly-established dollar/credit amount limits ◦ Call recipient attempts to initiate a three-way call ◦ Court order, request from police, staff, or victims Funds MCSO manages a financial account for each person in MCSO custody. The person in custody may use funds from that account to purchase hygiene items, writing supplies, snacks, and other items from the jail’s commissary. Money in the account is also used to pay for fees, such as court fees, or to post bail. Individuals will receive the balance of any remaining funds in their account upon release. Deposits can be made to an adult in custody's trust account in any of the following ways: TouchPay Kiosk located at the Justice Center 24 hours a day ( Cash/Debit/Credit only ) TouchPay Kiosk located at Inverness Jail lobby during regular hours ( Cash/Debit/Credit only ) Online at TouchPay Portal (MCSO Facility #297204) Via Toll Free Telephone 1-866-232-1899 (MCSO Facility #297204) Government issued, transfer and payroll checks MUST be submitted via US Mail to: Multnomah County Sheriff's Office FISCAL UNIT 501 SE Hawthorne Blvd., Suite 350 Portland OR 97214 IMPORTANT : MCSO DOES NOT accept cash, personal checks, cashier's checks, or money orders for deposit to adult in custody’s accounts. Any of these items received via mail will be refused as unacceptable with the entire letter returned to sender. All transactions are subject to a processing fee. Release of funds by an adult in custody An adult in custody may release funds in their financial account to another party in the community. To do so, the person in custody must complete a form authorizing the release of funds. The form must show the correct spelling of the recipient’s name. There are limitations: only two (2) money releases will be processed in a 30-day period and a maximum of $500.00 may be released in a single transaction. Jail staff will not accept any walk-in requests from a person to have an inmate release money. If the adult in custody has not completed a form authorizing a release of funds, jail staff will not prompt them to do so. Money releases may be completed Monday-Friday from 10:00 AM–2:30 PM or 3:00PM–10:30 PM; and on Saturday or Sunday from 7:30 AM–2:30 PM or 3:00PM–10:30 PM. Money will be released in the form of a check. The recipient must show government-issued identification in order to pick up the check. Property Transfer of Property to an Adult in Custody The only property that our facilities will routinely accept for an adult in custody are prescription eye glasses. You may hand-deliver prescription eye glasses to either of our facilities, regardless of the person’s housing location. When dropping them off with a Facility Security Officer, you must provide government-issued identification and a valid mailing address. Corrections counselors in the jail will deliver the glasses to the adult in custody, if approved. If they are not approved for use by the adult in custody, the eye glasses will be mailed back to you. Release of Property An adult in custody may release all of their personal property from jail storage to a person in the community. Single or selected items of property will not be released from storage. In order to complete a property release, the adult in custody must complete a property release form before the intended recipient arrives at the jail. Jail staff will not initiate a request to release property on behalf of a community member; the adult in custody must complete the property release process if they so choose. The authorized recipient may retrieve the property at the Facility Security Officer desk in the lobby for the Detention Center (within the Justice Center at 1120 SW 3rd Ave). Pick-up hours are Monday through Friday from 10:00 AM–2:30 PM or 3:00 PM–10:30 PM; and Saturday to Sunday from 7:30 AM–2:30PM or 3:00PM–10:30 PM. The recipient must present government-issued picture identification, such as a driver's license, to receive the property. Clothing Exchange & Court Attire An adult in custody may ask a person in the community to deliver clothing to the jail that may be exchanged for clothing that is in jail storage. One shirt and one pair of pants may be exchanged for such items in storage. Before the clothing may be brought into the jail, the adult in custody must complete a clothing exchange form. Jail staff will not accept clothing for an adult in custody unless the form has already been completed. The person named on the form may bring clothing to the Facility Security Officer desk in the lobby for the Detention Center (within the Justice Center at 1120 SW Third Avenue). Drop-off hours are Monday through Friday from 10:00 AM–10:30 PM; and Saturday to Sunday from 7:30 AM–2:00PM or 3:00PM–10:30 PM. Clothing that is currently in jail storage for the adult in custody will be given to the person bringing in new clothes. If an individual is booked into the jail with clothing that is not appropriate to wear at the time of release, different or additional clothing will be provided by jail staff upon release. This may occur, for example, if the person was arrested in a summer month and released in the winter. The individual must notify staff of the need for appropriate clothing when they are being processed for release. Jail staff will provide additional or different clothing as needed. Clothing for use during court appearances should be delivered to the accused’s attorney at the Multnomah County Courthouse (1200 SW First Avenue). Arrangements must be made with the attorney in advance and this transaction must be approved by the Officer in Charge (“OIC”) at the Detention Center prior to the court date.