Services, Information & Opportunities | Bay County Sheriff's Office Professionalism. Service. Integrity. E-Reporting FUSUS Registration Public Records Careers Search for: Welcome to BAY COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE We will be relentless against criminals, compassionate to victims, responsive to citizens and will work with our community to keep bay county safe. Contact Us BCSO App Connecting You to the Bay County Sheriff’s Office Easy access to services, information, and opportunities, right at your fingertips. The Bay County Sheriff’s Office is committed to transparency, accessibility, and community partnership. Use the links below to stay informed, get involved, and help us keep Bay County a safe and thriving place to live. Join the FUSUS Community Bay County’s FUSUS system connects residents, businesses, and law enforcement to enhance public safety. By registering your cameras, you can help officers respond faster, solve crimes more efficiently, and protect our community—all while maintaining your privacy. Support Bay County safety with a simple, secure registration. Register Your Camera Join the FUSUS Community Bay County’s FUSUS system connects residents, businesses, and law enforcement to enhance public safety. By registering your cameras, you can help officers respond faster, solve crimes more efficiently, and protect our community—all while maintaining your privacy. Support Bay County safety with a simple, secure registration. Register Your Camera File a Report Online Need to report a crime or incident without visiting the office? Our online e-reporting system makes it quick and easy to submit reports from anywhere. Get the process started today. Submit a Report Request Public Records Access public records in a fast, secure, and transparent way. Submit your request online and receive the information you need efficiently. We’re committed to keeping Bay County informed. Request Records Join Our Team Make a difference in Bay County by pursuing a career with the Sheriff’s Office. Explore opportunities, serve your community, and grow professionally in a supportive environment. View Openings Meet Sheriff Tommy Ford Leading with integrity. Serving with purpose. Tommy Ford is the elected Sheriff of Bay County, Florida, with over 30 years of experience in law enforcement. He leads a full-service law enforcement and correctional agency of 580 members, ensuring public safety for residents and visitors. He previously served as Chief Deputy and spent 16 years with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement as a Special Agent and as the Resident Agent in Charge of the Panama City Field Office. His statewide roles include as Chairman of the Florida Criminal Justice Standards and Training Commission, regulating officer training and discipline standards and Chair of the Florida Sheriffs Task Force, where he coordinates statewide disaster response for Florida Sheriff’s. He is a graduate of the University of West Florida with a bachelor’s in accounting and finance, the FBI National Academy and holds a master’s degree in public safety from the University of Virginia. Stay Connected Anytime, Anywhere Stay informed with the Bay County Sheriff’s Office mobile app. The Bay County Sheriff’s Office mobile app helps residents stay connected and informed. Report crimes, submit tips, and access the latest public safety news—all from your phone. The app also provides the latest public safety news, alerts, and updates, keeping residents and visitors informed about what’s happening in Bay County. Download Mobile App Connect, Access, and Engage with the Bay County Sheriff’s Office Explore our services, programs, resources, and community initiatives—all designed to keep Bay County safe and informed. Services for a Safer Community Learn about our mission, leadership, and history of service dedicated to protecting and strengthening the Bay County community. See More Community Programs & Initiatives Discover the programs, partnerships, and registries that help promote safety, education, and engagement throughout Bay County. See More Jail & Visitation Information Find details on inmate services, visitation guidelines, and resources for families and legal representatives. See More Public Safety Resources AT YOUR FINGERTIPS Access important tools, alerts, and links to state and local agencies that help keep our residents informed and protected. See More Alert Bay: EMERGENCY NOTIFICATION SYSTEM This system delivers critical updates quickly, including severe weather alerts, road closures, missing persons, and evacuation notices. Sign Up Today! Bay County Beach Flag Alerts Green: Calm Conditions Yellow: Moderate Hazard Red: High Hazard Double Red: Water Closed Purple: Dangerous Marine Life Current Flag Status Hurricane Preparedness: Stay Safe and Informed This system delivers critical updates quickly, including severe weather alerts, road closures, missing persons, and evacuation notices. Get Informed Follow us for community updates, safety tips, and events that keep us connected. Bay County Sheriff’s Office Humbly recognizing the badge of my office as a symbol of public faith. I accept it as a public trust. Follow on Facebook Bay County Sheriff’s Office BUSTED IN THE PANHANDLE BWC FILES: EPISODE 2 BCSO TEEN DRIVER CHALLENGE 2026 BUSTED IN THE PANHANDLE: THE BWC FILES EPISODE 1 2026 BCSO AWARDS VIDEO BEHIND THE STAR: BECK AVE SHOOTER BEHIND THE STAR: BECK AVENUE TRAILER Load More Follow on YouTube BAY COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE Sheriff Tommy Ford BAY COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE 3421 N Highway 77 Panama City, FL 32405 (850) 747-4700 JAIL FACILITY 5700 Star Lane Panama City, FL 32404 (850) 785-5245 (850) 215-5140 BCSO information Quick Resources Copyright © 2026 Bay County Sheriff's Office I All Rights Reserved I Designed by Aaron Rich Marketing Search Site Follow Us! Follow Us! Subscribe Now! Follow Us! Search Search for: Home Home Home