Storey County Sheriff's Office | Storey County, NV - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Home My Account Printer Friendly Email Page Contact Us RSS Site Map Translate Page Notifications Documents Facebook Twitter Pinterest Delicious Blogger LinkedIn Search Home Government Departments Sheriff Storey County Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Storey County Sheriff’s Office website. Here you will find information about the Sheriff’s Office and the fine men and women who serve our community. Our hope is that this website will provide another avenue of communication between your Sheriff’s Office and you, the people of Storey County. Thank you for visiting the Storey County Sheriff’s Office website. Through this website, you can obtain information about our services, as well as: Frequently asked questions Many common forms Special use permits Citizen Complaint/Commendation Form Services As you will see, the Storey County Sheriff’s Office has a broad reaching jurisdiction. Nevada S.A.V.E. Notifications Report a Crime or Violation We are the chief law enforcement agency for our communities with regard to: Animal control Crime prevention Responding to emergencies Timely dispatching of response teams We are here to help ensure your safety as a resident, employee, and visitor of Storey County. Please contact us with any questions. Our Values Service to Our Communities We are dedicated to enhancing public safety and reducing the fear and the incidence of crime. With customer service as our foundation, we will work in partnership with the people in our communities and do our best, within the law, to solve community problems that impact public safety. We value the great diversity of people in our communities and serve all equally. Reverence for the Law We have been given the honor and privilege of enforcing the law. We must always exercise integrity in the use of the power and authority that has been given to us by the people. Our personal and professional behavior should be a model for all to follow. We will obey and support the letter and spirit of the law. Commitment to Leadership Storey County Sheriff's Office is committed to the principles of servant leadership in law enforcement. We believe that each individual needs to be a leader in his or her area of responsibility. Making sure that our values become part of our day to day work life is our mandate. We must each work to ensure that our employees and our communities have the highest respect for the Storey County Sheriff's Office. Integrity in All We Say & Do Integrity is our standard. We are proud of our profession and will conduct ourselves in a manner that merits the respect of all people. We will demonstrate honest, ethical behavior in all our interactions. We must have the courage to stand up for our beliefs and do what is right. Our actions will instill public trust and a sense and feeling of protection and safety of each individual person of Storey County. Mission Statement It is the mission statement of the Storey County Sheriff’s Office to serve our residents by always adhering to the highest standards and by providing safe and secure communities. We are committed to the preservation of peace, order, and safety, the prevention of crime by the enforcement of laws and ordinances and protecting life, property and all constitutional guarantees afforded to all persons. To maintain our mission, we will work with our community members, consistently to create new partnerships and use all resources entrusted to us. Michael S. Cullen Sheriff Email Sheriff's Office Main Office 205 S. C St. P.O. Box 498 Virginia City, NV 89440 Sheriff's Office Lockwood Substation 420 Canyon Way Lockwood, NV 89434 Sheriff's Office TRI Substation 1705 Peru Drive McCarran, NV 89437 Detention Center 911 State Route 341 Virginia City, NV 89440 Emergency: 911 Main Office: 775-847-0959 Fax: 775-847-0924 Substation: 775-342-0950 Detention: 775-847-0929 Facebook - SCSO Staff Directory How can I get a copy of an accident report? How can I obtain a copy of a case report? When I go on vacation will the Sheriff’s Office check my home? How can I get information on sex offenders in the area? What can I do about my neighbor’s barking dogs? What should I do about an animal running loose in my neighborhood? How can I obtain a concealed weapon permit? How can I get fingerprinted? How can I start a neighborhood watch program? How do I dispute a traffic citation? How do I pay a traffic citation? View All /FAQ.aspx Storey County Agendas Sign up for emergency alerts online bill pay business development Receive Notifications Employment Opportunities Visitor Information Storey County PO Box 176 Virginia City, NV 89440 Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. What's New My Dashboard Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Calendar News Spotlights Sign up for Notifications Follow Us on Facebook /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Services Departments Get To Know Us /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® /QuickLinks.aspx Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow