Sheriff's Office | Grand Traverse County, MI Skip to Main Content Search About Us Proudly Serving Grand Traverse County Please take a moment to look through our website to see the various divisions of the Sheriff's Office and how they operate. We are continually looking at ways to improve how we communicate with the public and provide them with the information they want and need. This is one way we can accomplish that goal. Thank you for visiting our site. If there is anything our office can do to assist you, please let us know by contacting us through our website or by calling 231-995-5000. For non-emergencies, please call 231-922-4550. For emergencies, please dial 911 . About Us About Us Smart911 FOIA Requests Divisions Code Red Careers /QuickLinks.aspx Quick Links & Info records request FOIA Request Instructions & Forms Download Documents /QuickLinks.aspx human services All Services Anonymous Tip Line Sheriff Foreclosure Sale Child Car Seat Checks Contracting Law Enforcement Services /QuickLinks.aspx reporting Online Reporting Get Copies of Reports /QuickLinks.aspx FAQS Find Someone in Jail Foreclosure Sales Talking with a Specific Police Officer All FAQs /QuickLinks.aspx submit a tip divisions programs Listening To Community Needs: Current Focus Areas Support A Diverse Economy Be a catalyst to support diversifying regional economy and healthy, sustainable growth. Support A Healthy Community Meet the broad physical and mental health needs of the community. Communicate & Listen Effectively Improve awareness and access to county services and provide solutions to needs. contact us If there is anything our office can do to assist you, please let us know by contacting us through our website or by calling 231-995-5000. For non-emergencies, please call 231-922-4550. For emergencies, please dial 911. OUR MISSION, vision, & values Mission: The Grand Traverse County Sheriff’s Office is faithfully committed to protecting our citizens’ rights while serving with fairness, integrity, and empathy, ensuring a safe and just community for all. Vision Statement: To exemplify professionalism, accountability, and community engagement while fostering trust and creating a safe and secure environment for all. Values Statement: To uphold the highest moral and ethical standards in service to our community. To treat all people with fairness, dignity, respect and empathy while holding ourselves accountable for our decisions and actions, striving for excellence through continuous education and training. FOLLOW US Grand Traverse Sheriff's Office Grand Traverse County: A Grand Place to Live. Play. Do Business. Grand Traverse County is committed to being a leader in providing responsive, effective, quality service to our community. We're delighted to be recognized at a national level as a spectacular region. We're even more proud of the work we do at a local level to maintain this grand county we've been entrusted to serve. #1 Foodie Town in the Midwest - RewardExpert.com #1 MI County for Outdoor Activities - Niche.com #1 MI County for Healthiest Community - U.S. News & World Report Rankings Sign Up For Our Newsletters! We're striving to keep residents and businesses informed on county news. Improving awareness and access to county services is all a part of keeping our county GRAND. Sign Up! CodeRED Notify Me Smart911 Inmates Car Seat Checks Employment Opportunities /QuickLinks.aspx Grand Traverse County Sheriff's Office 851 Woodmere Avenue Traverse City, MI 49686 Phone: 231-995-5000 Emergencies: Dial 911 Contact Us Contact Us Accessibility Copyright / Legal Employee Login /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close CORA × Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow