Crowley County Sheriff's Office Search Crowley County Sheriff's Office Facebook Home Page CROWLEY COUNTY FIRE RESTRICTIONS IN EFFECT Due to current fire danger conditions, the following activities are prohibited within Crowley County until these restrictions are rescinded: Open Fires and Campfires Campfires of any kind, including those in fire rings or other containment devices, are prohibited. Propane or natural gas fire pits are permitted if they are attended at all times, operated safely, and fully extinguished after use. Outdoor cooking on propane, natural gas, or charcoal grills is also permitted under the same conditions. Individuals are responsible for monitoring weather and wind conditions and ensuring grilling activities do not create a fire hazard. Smoking Restrictions Smoking is prohibited except within an enclosed vehicle, enclosed building, or in an area at least three (3) feet in diameter that is completely cleared of all flammable materials. All cigarettes, cigars, matches, and other smoking materials must be fully extinguished and properly disposed of. Discarding smoking materials from a vehicle is strictly prohibited. Fireworks and Pyrotechnic Devices The possession, discharge, ignition, or use of any fireworks, explosive materials, pyrotechnic devices, or similar incendiary devices is prohibited. Any person causing a fire may be held liable for all suppression costs, damages, and penalties authorized by applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Thank you for doing your part to help protect Crowley County, its residents, and our first responders. We are excited to announce that we now have an app! You can download our app for either Apple or Android devices. On our app you can find information on lots of things including: Community Info, Most Wanted Individuals, Inmate/Jail Info, and School Safety Reporting. There are also forms available for reporting tips, requesting security checks, livestock owner forms, reporting scam forms, etc. Recent Posts Categories No categories Archives July 2025 September 2024 April 2023 March 2023 May 2022 September 2021 Tags © 2025 Crowley County Sheriff’s Office