Ouachita River Correctional Unit - Arkansas Department of Corrections Skip to Content | Skip to Navigation | Skip to Sub Navigation Skip to content Secretary Lindsay Wallace Search Division of Correction Providing fair, firm, consistent and superior correctional services for Arkansas ← All Facilities Ouachita River Correctional Unit Directions From I-30, Take exit 98A Malvern exit; go to third stop light and turn right onto Moline Street; then turn left onto Walco Road (ADC sign here); go to the third stop sign and turn right onto Sullenberger (ADC sign here); immediately after crossing the bridge turn left onto Walco (ADC sign here) going beside the Acme Brick Plant approximately .5 miles, then turn right at the ADC sign. Follow the drive to the unit. From Highway 270 West, from Pine Bluff/Sheridan, turn left onto Highway 67. Take Highway 67 until you come to the 2nd red light. This is the intersection of Highway 270 East & Highway 9. Go straight through this red light. From this red light you will go approximately .5 miles (passing through another red light) and turn right at the ADC sign beside Rusty’s Feed/Seed store onto Sullenberger Road. From here it’s approximately .6 miles, crossing 2 railroad tracks before coming to a bridge. Immediately after crossing the bridge turn left onto Walco (ADC sign here) going beside the Acme Brick Plant approximately .5 miles, then turn right at the ADC sign. Follow the drive to the unit. Location: 2.3 miles south of downtown Malvern, off Highway 67 South. Mailing Address: 100 Walco Lane, Malvern, AR 72104 Phone: 501-467-3400 Fax: 501-467-3430 Established: 2003-ACA Accredited Unit Capacity: 1782 Operations: Male Central Intake; Education - Dyslexia Intervention - Jet Program, Literacy I, II & III, GED and Ready Testing, iCEV Platform Industry Recognized Credentials, ServSafe Food Handler, AWS, NCCER Basic safety/Core/Craft, OSHA 10; CTE - Building Trades Basics, Building & Grounds Maintenance, Computer Applications Technology, Office Basics- Keyboarding, Pet Care & Management, Plumbing, Welding; Agriculture - Forage Production, Hay Operations, Garden Operations; Alcoholics Anonymous (AA)/Narcotics Anonymous (NA) Programs; Construction; Faith-Based Principles and Applications for Life (PAL) Program; Central Arkansas Baptist Bible Institute; Hobby Craft; Inmate Council; Special Needs Unit (provides additional beds for special needs inmates, which includes hospital services and sheltered living); Paws in Prison Program; Reduction of Sexual Victimization Program (RSVP); Residential Program Unit – Habilitation; Think Legacy Program; Reentry Program; Workforce Alliance for Growth in the Economy (WAGE) Program Copyright 2026 © All Rights Reserved. Arkansas.gov Join Our Family Interested in joining the Arkansas DOC family? Check out our newly increased salaries! Explore career opportunities and sign up for Career Alerts. DOC Careers