Raymond Laborde Correctional Center - Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections Raymond Laborde Correctional Center back to map Physical Address 1630 Prison Rd, Cottonport, LA 71327 Phone (318) 876-2891 Mailing Address 1630 Prison Rd, Cottonport, LA 71327 Warden D. Brent Thompson Mission It is the mission of the Raymond Laborde Correctional Center, formerly Avoyelles Correctional Center, to enhance public safety through safe and secure incarceration of people serving time for state felonies, effective probation/parole supervision, and proven rehabilitative programs for individuals releasing to communities. Goals Public Safety Maximize public safety through appropriate and effective correctional custodial programs, supervisory services, and community corrections partnerships. Safety of Staff and Imprisoned People Provide for the safety of correctional staff and imprisoned people by maintaining an organized and disciplined system of operations that promotes stability in our institutional and field operations. Provision of Basic Services Provide appropriate services for victims of crimes committed by people in our custody or under our supervision, and ensure that basic services relating to adequate food, clothing, health care, and shelter are provided to imprisoned people. Opportunity for Change Provide an environment which enables positive behavior change by making or identifying educational and rehabilitative opportunities available within the unit or the community for imprisoned people and persons under supervision who demonstrate motivation for change and the desire to participate in such programs. Opportunity for Making Amends Provide opportunities for making restitution and participating in community restorative initiatives as a mechanism to compensate, in some fashion, individuals and communities harmed by crime. Directions Raymond Laborde Correctional Center (RLCC) is located on Highway 107 in Cottonport, Louisiana, which is approximately thirty miles south of Alexandria, Louisiana via Highway 1. The nearest public transportation service is Greyhound Bus Lines, which is located in Alexandria. The bus service makes one stop daily from Alexandria, on Highway 71 in Bunkie, which is approximately twelve miles from Cottonport. For transportation to the facility, Avoyelles Taxi Service is also available. From Alexandria, take Highway 1 South approximately thirty miles to Marksville. Continue down Highway 1 to the Mansura exit. At the light, turn right on Highway 107. Drive into the town of Mansura and follow instructions below from Mansura. From Baton Rouge, take Highway 190 West. Turn right at New Roads/Marksville Exit. Continue to New Roads and turn left at the first light by the hospital and shopping center. Go to the end of the road, and turn left on Highway 1. Drive approximately forty miles to Mansura. Turn left by Catfish House & Avoyelles Tire Center, onto Highway 107. Continue into Mansura, cross the tracks and turn right at Kelone’s Grocery. Follow one block down, and turn left to Cottonport, on Highway 107. Drive five to six miles in Cottonport and turn left at the Cotton Corner Shell Station. Follow road for one mile and look for a green sign on the right with “Avoyelles Correctional Center-State Prison.” Turn left, on Prison Road and follow one mile to the front gate of the prison facility. From Lafayette, take Interstate I-49, and exit on Highway 106 to Bunkie (the first Bunkie Exit). Take a right at the end of road, then continue to the end of the road and turn left on La. 29. Follow La. 29 into Bunkie, passing in front of the school. Take a left at the first caution light. At the next traffic light, cross the tracks, following signs to Highway 29-Evergreen then Cottonport for approximately 10 miles. Once in Cottonport, drive pass Escude Funeral Home and Catholic Church. Go to third station on right and turn right (Cotton Corner Shell Station) on Choupique Lane. Follow for one mile, and look for a green sign on right with “Avoyelles. Correctional Center — State Prison.” Turn left on to Prison Rd., and drive three-fourths to a mile to the front gate of the prison facility. When you turn left, you will notice apartments on your right called, Cottonwood Apartment. From Bunkie via Highway 71, turn east on Highway 29 to Evergreen, then on to Cottonport. Once in Cottonport, drive pass Escude Funeral Home and Catholic Church. Go to third station on right and turn right (Cotton Corner Shell Station) on Choupique Lane. Follow for one mile, and look for a green sign on right with “Avoyelles Correctional Center — State Prison.” Turn left on to Prison Rd., and drive three-fourths to a mile to the front gate of the prison facility. When you turn left, you will notice apartments on your right called, Cottonwood Apartment. Visitation Information All persons interested in visiting imprisoned people at Raymond Laborde Correctional Center should carefully read the listed guidelines below that govern the visiting process. All visitors are bound by these regulations. Visiting questions should be directed to the Visiting Department at Raymond Laborde Correctional Center. Departmental and/or institutional guidelines will be used for approval or denial of visitors. Persons receiving and/or filling out this questionnaire should bear in mind the following: If the prospective visitor is under eighteen years of age, signature approval to visit from a parent or guardian, must be furnished in the appropriate section of the questionnaire. Minors eighteen years or younger must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. Failure to do so will result in denial from the imprisoned person’s visiting list. Falsification of any information will result in denial from the imprisoned person’s list. All persons over the age of 18 must be on the imprisoned person’s list. Do not attempt to visit any imprisoned person until you have been approved for visiting. Please contact the imprisoned person you wish to visit to verify that you have been approved. Do not call the facility as this information will not be provided over the phone. It is the policy of Raymond Laborde Correctional Center that any visitor is subject to a personal search while on institutional grounds. Visiting Hours/Regulations Regular visiting days are Saturday and Sunday from 8:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Arrivals must be scheduled prior to 2:30 p.m. Visitors will not be allowed in after 2:30 p.m. Each approved visitor is allowed two visits per month. Imprisoned people serving cell/room confinement on weekends will not be allowed to visit except on the fourth full weekend (Saturday or Sunday) of the month. Visits may last three hours. However, the warden retains the right to determine the amount of time that a visitor may visit the imprisoned person. The warden may decide on the number of visitors that may visit an imprisoned person at one time. At Raymond Laborde Correctional Center, imprisoned people may visit with only four visitors at any one time. This includes both children and adults. If you are approved to visit at Raymond Laborde Correctional Center, you will be required to furnish positive identification each time you visit. All visitors, except minors under eighteen, must have a card with his/her picture identification on it in order to visit an imprisoned person. If you do not bring a picture identification card with you on each visit, you will not be allowed to visit the imprisoned person. When visiting an imprisoned person, visitors are not allowed to give anything to the imprisoned person. Introduction of contraband into the institution will result in removal from the visiting room and possible prosecution by the courts. This includes any controlled dangerous substance, unless prescribed in original container, illegal drugs, any weapons, ammunition or explosive devices, alcoholic beverages, cameras, handcuff keys, tape recorders, mace, cell phone, or any item detrimental to the security of the institution. Tobacco products are not allowed in the visiting room or the picnic area. Visitors may bring purses or wallets into the visiting room, but they cannot exceed the size of a standard men’s wallet. Visitors are allowed to bring a maximum of $100.00, cash only, into the visiting room. A reasonable amount of female hygiene products and items necessary for the care of babies (bottles, diapers, small blankets, etc.) are allowed. All such items should be kept to a minimum, and will be searched to the extent possible to minimize the potential for the introduction of contraband. Visitors may deposit up to $499.99 in an imprisoned person’s account while visiting. This is accomplished through the kiosk location in the visitation processing building. Click here to learn more about the JPay Services. Intoxication, improper dress, misconduct, and loud or boisterous activity while visiting will cause the visit to be terminated and the visitor’s name to possibly be removed from the imprisoned person’s approved visiting list. Visitors should be aware that visiting areas are designed to cultivate a family atmosphere for family and friends of all ages. Visitors should dress and act accordingly. The following apparel is considered inappropriate and shall result in the denial of visits: Clothing that is similar in appearance to the clothing worn by imprisoned people in the unit. This includes blue chambray shirts and gray or white sweatshirts are not allowed. Male visitors are not allowed to wear white t-shirts in combination with blue jeans. Clothing that is similar in appearance to the clothing worn by correctional officers, including camouflage, blue BDU’s, etc. Transparent clothing Swimming suits Skirts, shorts, skorts, culottes, and dresses shorter than one inch above the knee cap or those with revealing slits Strapless, tube and halter tops, take tops and strapless dresses. Female visitors must wear a bra. Tops that expose the midriff Low cut blouses, shirts, and dresses Spandex, Lycra or Spandex-like athletic pants, aerobic/exercise tights or leotards Underwear cannot be exposed Clothing with revealing holes or tears one inch above the knee cap Clothing or accessories with obscene or profane writing, images, or pictures Gang or club-related clothing or insignia indicative of gang affiliation All visitors must wear shoes. House slippers and shower shoes are not allowed. Footwear must remain on feet at all times. These restrictions apply equally to men, women, and children. Thong-type sandals or flip-flops are allowed. See-through clothing, or any form of seductive garment, which may include mini-skirts, split skirts, midriffs, halter-tops, tank tops, or any extremely tight or revealing clothing, is not allowed. Special visits may be approved by the warden on a case-by-case basis. The imprisoned person must submit his special visit request in writing to the Classification Department. The fifth full weekend of the month is reserved for imprisoned people on Honor/Trusty status only, with imprisoned people who have Trusty status having the option of a picnic visit. All others will be denied visitation. Those imprisoned people assigned to extended lock-down and imprisoned people assigned to maximum custody on non-contact visiting status are limited to visitation on Thursdays only. An approved list of items, which may be received by imprisoned people through the mail, has been published below by the Warden’s Office. Books, magazines, newspapers, etc. must be received by imprisoned people directly from publishers and approved vendors. Stamps are to be purchased in the Canteen only. Stamps will not be received through the mail. Money intended for deposit in an imprisoned person’s account should be sent in the form of a postal money order or bank cashier check within the United States made payable to the imprisoned person. All such deposits must be mailed to: Cashier, Raymond Laborde Correctional Center, 1630 Prison Road, Cottonport, LA 71327. The imprisoned person’s full name and DPS&C number must be written on the money order or cashier’s check. Funds intended for deposit should not be placed in an envelope addressed to the imprisoned person. Cash and personal checks will not be accepted. All people housed in Administrative Segregation, Extended Lock-down as well as imprisoned people working cellblock on non-contact visits will be allowed to visit on Thursdays only, between the hours of 8:00 AM and 2:30 PM. Visits will be limited to one (1) hour, and will take place in the designated non-contact visiting rooms in the Visiting Building. Imprisoned people in the general population on non-contact visits will visit on Saturdays and Sundays. Visits will be limited to two (2) hours and will take place in the designated non-contact visiting rooms in the Visiting Building. All visitors with disabilities will have readily accessible facilities and will be reasonably accommodated as appropriate and to the extent possible within the context of the department’s fundamental mission to preserve the safety of the public, staff and imprisoned people. Advance notice of the accommodation requested will be necessary to ensure its availability at the time of the visit. These rules are subject to change. Please keep in contact with the imprisoned person for future changes. Educational Programming All people imprisoned at RLCC are eligible to benefit from educational services. RLCC provides direct educational services to approximately 30 percent of its population at a time. Those services are designed from literacy to post secondary education. Post secondary consists of job life skill classes and vocational programs. All of these services are provided at no cost to the imprisoned person. College level correspondence courses are available upon request at the imprisoned person’s expense and with the approval of the Warden. Education is provided on a voluntary basis. Students must request enrollment into available classes for which they are eligible. Waiting lists are maintained for classes and programs where space is not available. Night GED classes are available to those that hold a full-time job during the day and are not available for the regular education programs. RLCC offers Literacy, Adult Basic Education (ABE), General Equivalency Diploma (GED) and Special School District (SSD) services to imprisoned people. Please visit the “Reentry Programming” section of the website to learn more about these programs. Vocational Programs The Central Louisiana Technical Community College (Avoyelles Campus) is presently offering seven distinct vocational programs at RLCC. These courses offer full instruction and hands-on learning to provide participants with the knowledge to undertake a job in that particular field after the course is completed. People in prison are administered a pre-screening test (TABE) before becoming eligible for enrollment. After successfully completing a program, the person in prison will receive a certificate/diploma that is valid throughout the state. All eligibility criteria are set by the Central Louisiana Technical Community College. Auto Collision Repair This course teaches how to repair and paint automobile bodies and parts. Automotive Technology This course teaches how to repair the mechanical parts to a vehicle and how to troubleshoot problems. Barbering This course teaches art of hair design as well as health and care of the scalp and face. Building Technology This course teaches a variety of entry level construction trades. Carpentry, masonry, and plumbing are all part of this program. Culinary Arts This course teaches how to follow recipes, prepare meals, bake, and convert measurements for adjusting recipes. Masonry This course teaches the science of bricklaying within the residential and commercial settings and teaches the participant to become a masonry helper by trade. The class also teaches the knowledge of the tools used and the safety practices applied when using these tools on the job. Welding This course teaches the basics of welding. Other Programs & Services Mental Health Services The Mental Health Department provides a range of services appropriate to the needs of the imprisoned person, including psychiatric care for imprisoned people with mental illness and individual and group counseling. All counseling services are administered by a qualified mental health professional. Specialized treatment programs include the following: Crisis intervention Treatment for people who have committed sex offenses Anger management Substance abuse treatment The Mental Health Department also completes aftercare referrals to appropriate agencies for people who discharge with mental health needs. Medical Services It is the mission of RLCC’s Medical Department to provide comprehensive health services for people in prison. The department offers professional care and provides for a continuous systematic review of policy, procedure and practice to offer health services and education which will enhance the ability of the imprisoned person to successfully reintegrate into society upon release. Medical Services include: A full-time physician 24-hour nursing coverage Infirmary for people in prison who are convalescent and chronic care Full-time dental coverage Quality assurance program Infection Control Diagnostic services including x-ray and lab Emergency services as needed Referral services for specialty consultation Telemedicine services Pharmacy services Contract optometrist Contract podiatrist Contract psychiatrist Wellness program Other Programs for People in Prison Reentry RLCC’s Reentry initiatives provide assessment, identification, and linkage for imprisoned people with services specific to their reentry needs. An imprisoned person begins preparing for release from the point of entry into the institution and through the development of Reentry Accountability Plans (ReAP) guiding reentry planning and programming. Treatment staff, with assistance from outside agencies, conducts educational workshops with imprisoned people preparing for reintegration into society. The imprisoned person receives 100 hours of instruction which include communication skills, victim awareness, value development, health and wellness, substance abuse, money management, job seeking skills, and information concerning conditions of parole prior to release. Faith-based Programming Faith based programming is an essential component in the overall mission of RLCC. Well trained religious volunteers offer a significant resource and are essential to the success in meeting the goal of providing a meaningful opportunity for change. Religious programming is coordinated by a full-time Chaplain. The RLCC Chaplaincy provides daily faith-based programming for the imprisoned people. The services range from traditional worship to contemporary praise and worship services. Special programs such as Strengthening the Family, Malachi Dads, and Returning Hearts provide opportunities for the imprisoned person to remain close with their families. Several programs incorporate study groups of various religious beliefs. Services for all major Christian denominations, Islamic and Native American Indian beliefs are facilitated through the Chaplaincy. The Chaplain’s Department also provides Certified Treatment and Rehabilitation Programs (CTRP) such as NOBTS Certificate Program, Inside/Outside Dad, School of Faith, Men’s Work, and Preparing for Success on the Outside. If successfully completed, the programs can reduce incarceration time for imprisoned people. These classes, along with others, are facilitated by trained volunteers as well as imprisoned people who are certified facilitators as well. Upon graduation, our faith-based programs provide a degree, diploma, or certificate of completion. Others, like In Christ International Bible College, provide either an associate’s degree or diploma once completed. Under the Brother’s Keeper Program, the needs of people in prison are ministered to by providing indigent supplies on a bi-monthly basis and visiting the sick in the infirmary, the elderly on the tiers, and cellblocks multiple times during the week. The sick and elderly are escorted to church when requested and bible study is provided on an individual basis. Records The Records Office is responsible for all aspects involving the maintenance of records management programs involving time computation and re-computation on DPS&C commitments in accordance with state and federal laws and departmental regulations. The Records Office also maintains a Pre-Classification District inclusive of five parishes: Allen, Evangeline, Iberville, Pointe Coupee, and St. Landry. Classification The Classification Department ensures that various aspects of a person’s incarceration related to public safety, rehabilitation, discipline, and welfare are met for him, from the time of preliminary classification through the reception and diagnostic process and subsequent assignment to a permanent housing or until discharge. Classification works closely with security as well as other departments such as mental health, medical, and education. The Classification program promotes the development of life, job and educational skills within people in prison and encourages participation in various self-help groups and organizations. Classification staff is responsible for the initial screening of custody status, work release, trustees, status reductions, job placement, and geographical transfers. Community Service Imprisoned people on AVC work crews provide general maintenance services to the Town of Cottonport, along with providing assistance during emergency and natural disaster situations. Canine Units assist local law enforcement agencies in the apprehension of criminal suspects, drug detection, and other related public safety issues. Human Resources The Human Resources Department manages all aspects of employment including recruitment, hiring, promotion, position control, payroll, and related benefits. Staff achievement and recognition is a vital component in meeting the institution’s mission and goals. Training The RLCC Training Department is responsible for coordination of all in-service and specialized training programs. Training curricula are formulated based on position requirements, professional development needs, current correctional issues, and new theories, techniques, and technologies. History Located in the southwestern region of Avoyelles Parish, Raymond Laborde Correctional Center (RLCC) opened in 1989. RLCC rests on 1,187 acres of land just outside the city limits of Cottonport, Louisiana. RLCC received its first imprisoned person on June 19, 1989. The original design capacity was 610, but renovations and new construction over the years have increased the operational capacity to 1,564. RLCC currently has a staff of 326 employees (321 classified, 5 unclassified) and an operating budget of $24.5 million. RLCC was first accredited by the American Correctional Association’s Commission on Accreditation in 1992. It has since been reaccredited in 1995, 1998, 2001, 2004, 2007, 2010 and 2013. Jump to section Contact Information Mission Goals Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Other Programs & Services Human Resources Training History Additional Information Contact Information Mission Goals Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Other Programs & Services Human Resources Training History