IDOC: South Bend Community Re-entry Center IN.gov An official website of the Indiana State Government Language Translation Governor Mike Braun Indiana Department of Correction Find Inmate's DOC Number Start voice input Frequent Searches > Submit text search MENU Close Menu South Bend Community Re-entry Center IDOC Facilities Adult Correctional Facilities Current: South Bend Search DOC Number Adult Facilities Juvenile Facilities Re-Entry Services Parole Districts Communication & Support Hub New Visitor Registration Process Step 1: Register for ViaPath All Visitors must register for a ViaPath Account and be approved before scheduling in-person and online visits. Register Now Step 2: Supplemental Documentation Failure to submit this additional documentation could cause a delay in your application or may cause your application to be rejected. Search Visitation Coordinators Step 3: Schedule Visit Already registered? Remember all visitation requests observe Eastern time. Available dates and times will be listed for that incarcerated individuals facility. Schedule Visit Visitation Policy Community Advisory Board Program Information South Bend Community Re-Entry Center Visitation Attorney Visits Attorneys visits will not be considered as part of the offender's regular visitation schedule and these visitors need not be on the visitation list. All attorney visits are schedule by the Facility Litigation Liaison. Availability of space, security and safety of the facility determines if a special area may be set aside for attorney-client visits. If space is available, arrangements also may be made to allow clergy or approved spiritual advisors to have a separate space, outside of the regular visiting room/area, to meet with the incarcerated individual. In both cases, such space shall be observable by staff; however, staff shall not listen to the conversations. Search Facility Litigation Liaisons Visiting Guidelines All visitors must be on the offender's approved visitors list. Visitors may only visit the same offender once every 14 days. IDOC Visitation Policy SBCRC Visitation Guidelines Community Advisory Board Community Advisory Board meet twice per year (every six months) but may meet more often as appropriate. Purpose To open avenues of communication between the facility and the communities near its operation; To assemble an eclectic group of community stakeholders to observe the operations of the facility from time to time, and to advise facility administrative staff on quality of life issues, and provide diverse perspectives on the effectiveness of facility operations and programs; To assist with the recruitment of a diverse and professional workforce; To promote the hiring of former incarcerated individuals; To help identify available community resources that could enhance the facility’s operation; and, To assist with promoting community awareness and understanding of correctional issues, and facility and Department initiatives. Programs For more information about the variety of programs the IDOC offers, please visit the Programs page. Note: Programs vary from facility to facility and are subject to change. Not all incarcerated individuals qualify or are appropriate for every program, individuals should work with their assigned case manager to see which programs they are eligible for. Work Release Program Reentry Education Program Work Crew Program Employment Readiness Class Life Skills Seminar Money Smart Dave Ramsey’s Financial Peace University – self study Partners in Parenting Men’s Fraternity Substance Abuse Treatment Alcoholics Anonymous Relapse and Prevention for Reentry Celebrate Recovery Self-Study – Life Skill Programs Bible Study Motivation for Change About South Bend Community Re-Entry Center As a model of public safety, the South Bend Community Re-Entry Center promotes the successful reintegration of lawful, self-sufficient, and productive citizens into the community. This is done through the thoughtful application of dynamic supervision, experienced rehabilitative programming, and by providing opportunities for residents to demonstrate a strong work ethic and civic duty to foster productive partnerships with employers and citizens in our local communities. In 1967, new legislation allowed the Department of Correction to place selected incarcerated individuals, who are within 12 months of their release, in a community-based work release re-entry program to prepare for their transition back into society. The South Bend Community Re-Entry Center, which is the oldest existing state work release program in Indiana, was established in 1971. In 2012, the center moved to its present location and increased the rated capacity to 201. The facility provides re-entry services to incarcerated individuals being released throughout northern Indiana and has both a work release program component and re-entry education program component for long-term incarcerated individuals. Connect with us on Facebook for current updates and information. Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ I'm Interested in Volunteering Volunteers play a vital role helping the incarcerated population make a successful transition back into society. Learn More I'm Interested in a Career in Corrections Looking for an exciting new career path? Let us help you find one with the Indiana Department of Correction. Learn More South Bend Community Re-entry Center Facility Location South Bend Community Re-entry Center 4650 Old Cleveland Road South Bend IN, 46628 Phone | (574) 234-4094 Send Mail to an Incarcerated Individual Offender Full Legal Name, DOC # South Bend Community Re-Entry Center PO Box 460 Pheonix, MD 21131 Attorney-client privileged mail, or packages and parcels, should continue to go directly to the facility. Reminder – After July 31, 2026, any personal mail sent to the wrong location will be returned to sender. Review Mail Restrictions I Want To Locate an Incarcerated Individual Visit an Incarcerated Individual Send Money to an Incarcerated Individual Send Enhanced Commissary to an Incarcerated Individual Contact an Incarcerated Individual Obtain Records of an Incarcerated Individual Register for Victim Notification. Find a career with the Indiana Department of Correction Online Services View ICI's Product Catalog Shop ICI's Torch & Stars Apparel Store Law Enforcement Notification System Indiana SAVIN Sex and Violent Incarcerated Individual Registry More IN.gov Online Services IN.gov Subscriber Center Top FAQs Indiana Department of Correction Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Email Report Accessibility Issues Screen Reader - Speak