Jackson County Sheriff's Office Dial 9-1-1 for an Emergency Home Services Sales About Sales Current Sales Online Auction Crime Victim Navigator Jail Contact Us Events News Impounded Vehicles Forms FAQ Road Conditions About Us Policy Employment Unclaimed Funds Ohio Stolen Gun Database Yearly Reviews Jackson County Sheriff's Office Jackson County Sheriff's Office Jackson County Sheriff's Office Serving Jackson County, Ohio! Contact Us Welcome What are our responsibilities? What are our responsibilities? What are our responsibilities? The S heriff is the chief law enforcement officer in Jackson County. Sheriff Tedd E. Frazier and his deputies patrol Jackson County and have the power to apprehend persons who are a threat to peace and order. The Sheriff and his deputies are responsible for executing summons, orders, or other processes directed to him by a proper and lawf Show More The S heriff is the chief law enforcement officer in Jackson County. Sheriff Tedd E. Frazier and his deputies patrol Jackson County and have the power to apprehend persons who are a threat to peace and order. The Sheriff and his deputies are responsible for executing summons, orders, or other processes directed to him by a proper and lawful authority, make return thereof to the courts. The Sheriff also responsible for the operation of the Jackson County Correctional Facility, as well as the Jackson County Dispatching Center. Show Less Quick Reference What are our responsibilities? What are our responsibilities? If you need help immediately, dial 911. All non-emergency calls to the Jackson County Sheriff's Office (JCSO) can be directed to 740-286-6464. Contact the Jackson County Correctional Facility (JCCF) by calling 740-288-1338. Address: 350 Portsmouth St. Jackson, Ohio 45640 Thank You What are our responsibilities? Thank You "We are proud to serve Jackson County. We appreciate the respect and support that is given to us from the community. We work hard for our citizens and will continue to do so." Tedd E. Frazier, Sheriff Quick Navigation Sales Click the link for information regarding Sheriff Sales (foreclosure sales) and Tax Sales (back taxes), as well as upcoming auctions. Find out more Jackson County Correctional Facility (Jail) General Information regarding inmate commissary, rules, hours, links to check case status, etc. Find out more Contact Us Click the link for ways to contact us! Find out more Ohio Stolen Gun Database Click the link for more info Find out more FAQs Services Frequently asked questions can be found here with answers. Find out more Services Services Click the link to find out about Conceal Carry Permits, BCI, FBI and local background checks, Find out more Forms Downloadable forms and applications. Find out more Crime Victim Navigator Click the link below for information regarding our Crime Victim Navigator assistance program at Jackson County Sheriff's Office. Find out more Road Conditions Road Conditions Click the link to learn about Emergency Snow Level meanings. Find out more Holiday Office Schedule Planned Administrative Office Closures The Administrative Office, who provides Background checks (Local, BCI and FBI), Conceal Carry Permits and completes Public Records Requests will have closures due to holidays. Please see the listing below for closures. Regular hours are 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday to Friday, unless a closure is listed below. We do not schedule daytime appointments, just walk-ins. If you are a business OR organization and want to schedule your group for times not listed, please call 740-286-6464 to discuss availability. Closures/Appointments: Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving: Thursday and Friday Christmas Social Copyright © 2025 Jackson County Sheriff's Office - All Rights Reserved. Powered by About Sales Current Sales Crime Victim Navigator Jail News Impounded Vehicles Forms FAQ Employment Unclaimed Funds This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Decline Accept