Fayette county JAIL | Fayette County, PA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Fayette County Jail Fayette county JAIL NOTICE OF LOCAL SCAM Please note that the Fayette County Jail and county affiliates would NEVER request money on behalf of a person in jail. Should you get a call, text, email, etc. telling you that your loved one is incarcerated and needs money/funds on their account, DO NOT act on the information, as it is a scam. Mission Statement The Fayette County Jail maintains care, custody, and control of inmates as mandated by law. Those include inmates held in custody pending disposition of his or her respective cases by the Courts and those already convicted of a criminal act and sentenced to a term of incarceration. The Fayette County Jail is a tobacco-free facility. Management John Lenkey, Warden Angela Kern, Deputy Warden of Treatment William Vanmeter, Major Directions The Fayette County Jail is located at 254 McClellandtown Rd, Uniontown. The facility is located on the former site of the U.S. Army Reserve Center, which sat vacant since the early 2000s. Inmate Lookup Look up Fayette County Prison inmates using our online tool. Policies Read Fayette County Prison policies related to mail, education, visiting, and more. Prison Board of Inspectors Access a member list and meeting times for the Fayette County Prison Board of Inspectors. Programs The Fayette County Prison offers several in-house programs to assist the inmate adjust to incarceration and also prepare them to adjust their lifestyles when they are released. Public Defender The mission of the Office of the Public Defender is to provide legal representation to defendants by safeguarding fundamental individual rights and to guarantee protection afforded by the United States Constitution. Inmate Mail All personal mail from family and friends such as letters, pictures, and drawings are being digitally delivered to the inmate via their tablet. The mailing address is send inmate mail is: Fayette County Jail, PA Inmate Name, Inmate Number P.O. Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 To ensure the mail gets delivered electronically be sure to include: - Complete facility name (no abbreviations) and state - Inmate's full name and booking number - Sender's full name and physical address - ONLY send personal mail such as letters, pictures, and drawings - DO NOT send money with Inmate mail. Contact Us John Lenkey Warden Fayette County Jail Physical Address View Map 254 McClellandtown Rd. Uniontown , PA 15401 254 McClellandtown Rd. Uniontown PA 15401 Directions Phone 724-430-1222 Fax 724-430-3059 Directory Can you give an inmate a message? When is an inmate's court date? How can I retrieve personal property? View All /FAQ.aspx Forms Download Info Emergency Alerts Keep Informed Open Records RTK Form Make A Payment Online Bill Pay Employment Current Openings Fayette County 61 E Main Street, Uniontown PA, 15401 61 E Main Street, Uniontown PA, 15401 Phone: 724-430-1200 County Commissioners Election Results Tourism Visit Fayette County /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow