Morrow County Sheriff Office – Morrow County Sheriff Office Skip to content 101 Home Road Mt. Gilead, Ohio 43338 419-946-4444 Morrow County Sheriffs Office - John L. Hinton, Sheriff Your Safety Is our job Morrow County Sheriff’s Office is to provide professional, community-based law enforcement services and to share our responsibility for safety, service and problem resolution Learn more about MCSO we are hiring We are looking to hire responsible law enforcement officers to help maintain the safety and security of businesses and citizens who live in Morrow County. contact us Crime tips Click the button below and fill out the form or you can call 419-946-4444 to leave a crime tip leave a crime tip Our Mission The mission of the Morrow County Sheriff’s Office is to provide professional, community-based law enforcement services and to share our responsibility for safety, service and problem resolution through an active community partnership to improve the quality of lives of our residents. Our Code of Ethics As a Law Enforcement Officer, my fundamental duty is to serve mankind; safeguard lives and property; to protect the innocent against deception, the weak against oppression or intimidation, and the peaceful against violence or disorder; and to respect the Constitutional Rights of all persons to liberty, equality, and justice. I will keep my private life unsullied as an example to all; maintain courageous calm in the face of danger, scorn, or ridicule; develop self-restraint; and be constantly mindful of the welfare of others. Honest in thought and deed in both my personal and official life, I will be exemplary in obeying the laws of the land and the regulations of my agency. Whatever I see or hear of a confidential nature or that is confided to me in my official capacity will be kept ever secret unless revelation is necessary in the performance of my duty. I will never act officiously or permit personal feelings, prejudices, animosities, or friendships to influence my decisions. With no compromise for crime and with relentless prosecution of criminals, I will enforce the law courteously and appropriately without fear or favor, malice, or violence and never accepting gratuities. Police Reports To order a copy of a police report Call: (419) 947-4845 Email: reports@morrowcountysheriff.com Questions? Contact Us Info & events Download Our App For up to the minute news from our office including weather alerts download our app for Android or Apple devices. Android link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ocv.morrowcountyoh Apple link: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/morrow-county-sheriff-ohio/id1511976791?ls=1 Dispose Unwanted Medications Do you have old medication? Don’t dump it! If you have any unused or expired prescription medication that you want to dispose of, we have a secure medication box located in the lobby of our Office. It is available to the public 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Medication must be in a container (preferably the original container). No liquids or needles are accepted. Contact our Office at 419-946-4444 with any questions. Citizen Complaint Form Want to file a complaint? The Morrow County Sheriff Office expects the highest level of professional conduct from our officers and staff. If you have a concern or complaint about a member of our department, we want to hear from you. The attached link will open a fillable form which you can fill out, then email, print and mail to or drop off at our office. Contact our Office at 419-946-4444 with any questions. Download The form Contact Us Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. Newsletter signup Email Sign me up Sign up to our monthly newsletter for useful articles, tips and tricks. © 2023 Morrow County Sheriff Office. All Rights Reserved. The Morrow County Sheriff is an equal opportunity employer. Cookie policy Terms & conditions Go to Top Clear Search Menu Get free consultation! +1-002-345-6789