Home Welcome To Grundy County, Iowa Property Search Online Mapping Iowa Land Records Historical Photos Board of Supervisors Agenda Pay Court Fees Online Pay Property Taxes Online Renew Vehicle Licenses Online Drivers License Appointments Grundy County Historical Documents fas fa-newspaper Primary Election Results The unofficial 2026 Primary Election results for Grundy County are available at the link below. Election Results fas fa-newspaper Help Wanted - Veterans Affairs Veterans Affairs Director/Administrator The position will manage the Veterans Affairs Department in an effective and efficient manner. Will provide equitable application of County, State, and Federal laws & guidelines regulating Veterans' affairs and benefits to ensure amounts of assistance rendered conform to guidelines. Will serve as an advocate for Veterans and their families seeking benefits. MUST possess the ability to type accurately, utilize all Microsoft Office suite, VA systems, and office machines. Prepares required agendas & reports and produces & manages annual budget. Position requires the ability to become certified by Iowa Department of Veterans Affairs and acquire national accreditation. Must attend training to receive continuing education credits and requires out-of­town travel to maintain accreditation. Will need to pass a background check and acquire a VA PIV card within 12 months of hire. To apply: Application available below or apply in person at: Grundy County Veterans Affairs, 706 H Ave, Grundy Center M-T-W 8 am-4 pm Or email to: veteransaffairs@grundycountyiowa.gov Part-time 20-24/wk hourly position with IPERS. Wages based on qualifications. Application due by: July I, 2026. Job Description and Application Link fas fa-newspaper Iowa State Association of Counties In partnership with the National Association of Counties (NACo) and the Iowa State Association of Counties (ISAC): “This centrally-located drop-off, in addition to the one at the Grundy Center Community Building, provides convenience while respecting our national symbol,” said Mark Schildroth, Grundy County Board of Supervisors Chairperson. “The county is unified in helping enable our citizens to respect our great nation while disposing of old or worn flags.” Grundy County has installed a flag retirement box, at no cost to the county, on the first-floor lobby of the Grundy County Courthouse, 706 G Avenue, Grundy Center. This box is in addition to the retirement box that serves the same purpose located at the Grundy Center Community Building. The United States Flag Code prescribes flag etiquette – everything from flying it near other flags to instructions on how to raise and lower it. “The flag, when it is in such condition that it is no longer a fitting emblem of display, should be destroyed in a dignified way, preferably by burning,” says the code. Flags should be folded respectfully before being placed in the box. Grundy County will then be responsible for the proper disposal of the worn flags. fas fa-newspaper Open Records Request Grundy County is committed to open and transparent government and adheres to the Iowa Open Records Act and the Federal Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). It is the policy of Grundy County to allow the public easy and expedited access to all records that are covered in the Iowa Open Records Act and the FOIA. A written request for records is encouraged. Click the link below to view the full Open Records Policy for Grundy County. Download Open Records Policy Property Search Online Mapping Iowa Land Records Historical Photos Board of Supervisors Agenda Pay Court Fees Online Pay Property Taxes Online Renew Vehicle Licenses Online Where do I...? Get a Rural 911 Address Get a Rural 911 Address Pay my Property Taxes Pay my Property Taxes Get a Drivers License Get a Drivers License Contact Law Enforcement Contact Law Enforcement Property Info Property Info Find Veteran's Information Find Veteran's Information Register to Vote Register to Vote Vote Absentee Vote Absentee Get Auto License Plates Get Auto License Plates Pay a Traffic Fine or Citation Pay a Traffic Fine or Citation Get a Building Permit Get a Building Permit Get a Marriage License Get a Marriage License Get a Birth Certificate Get a Birth Certificate Get Death Records Get Death Records Find Cemetery Information Find Cemetery Information Get Low Income Assistance Get Low Income Assistance Get Elderly Home Health Services Get Elderly Home Health Services Get Mental Health Assistance Get Mental Health Assistance Locate County Parks Locate County Parks Get a Well Testing Kit Get a Well Testing Kit View More... Find Veteran's Information Find Veteran's Information Register to Vote Register to Vote Vote Absentee Vote Absentee Get Auto License Plates Get Auto License Plates Pay a Traffic Fine or Citation Pay a Traffic Fine or Citation Get a Building Permit Get a Building Permit Get a Marriage License Get a Marriage License Get a Birth Certificate Get a Birth Certificate Get Death Records Get Death Records Find Cemetery Information Find Cemetery Information Get Low Income Assistance Get Low Income Assistance Get Elderly Home Health Services Get Elderly Home Health Services Get Mental Health Assistance Get Mental Health Assistance Locate County Parks Locate County Parks Get a Well Testing Kit Get a Well Testing Kit Facebook X Departments Quick Links Office Hours: 8:00 AM TO 4:30 PM MONDAY THRU FRIDAY Address: 706 G AVE, GRUNDY CENTER, IOWA 50638 Courthouse Office Hours: 8:00 AM TO 4:30 PM MONDAY THRU FRIDAY Address: 706 H AVE SUITE 2, GRUNDY CENTER, IOWA 50638 Public Health Office Hours: 7:00 AM TO 3:30 PM MONDAY THRU FRIDAY Address: 22580 M AVE / PO BOX 127 GRUNDY CENTER, IOWA 50638 Engineer's Office Office Hours: 8:00 AM TO 4:00 PM MONDAY THRU FRIDAY Address: 705 8TH ST., GRUNDY CENTER, IOWA 50638 Sheriff's Office Office Hours: 8:00 AM TO 4:30 PM MONDAY THRU FRIDAY Address: 204 4TH ST., MORRISON, IOWA 50657 Conservation Office Home Departments Assessor Auditor Clerk Of Court Conservation County Attorney Custodian Driver's License Emergency Management Engineer Environmental Health General Relief IT / GIS Department Landfill / Convenience Center Public Health Recorder Safety Coordinator Sheriff Social Services Supervisors Treasurer Veteran Affairs Zoning GIS Mapping Mapping Property Search Cemetery Search Community Links Events Contact Info FAQ's Login