Sheriff | Greene County, New York Search for Directory Greene County, New York Sheriff The Greene County Sheriff’s Office provides responsive and professional law enforcement services to the residents of Greene County and its visitors Greene County Sheriff’s Office road patrol personnel respond to 911 calls, accidents, and complaints in conjunction with other law enforcement agencies. Sheriff’s Office patrols perform traffic enforcement and are ready to assist any motorist or traveler in need with traffic safety issues. Evening Law Enforcement patrols have been bolstered to ensure safety of all Greene County residents. Our marine patrol and dive team protect the Hudson River and other waterways within the county. The Sheriff’s Office provides security in the Greene County Office Building in Catskill, and also in the Greene County Mental Health Building in Cairo. The Deputies ensure your safety when you visit these locations, and are available for information and directions. Stay in Touch Please check out the Greene County Sheriff’s Office Facebook @GreeneCoNY as well as the Greene County Sheriff App for the most recent updates and happenings. The Greene County Sheriff App allows residents to connect with the Greene County Sheriff’s Office by reporting crimes, submitting tips, and other interactive features, as well as providing the community the latest public safety news and information. Download App for Android Download App for iOS Senior Call-In Program The senior call-in program is a priority for Sheriff Kusminsky and he has taken steps to implement this county wide. This program allows elderly residents who live alone the ability to check in with our emergency services on a regular basis. If normal contact doesn’t occur, a Deputy will respond out to the residence and do a welfare check. Join the Program Call 518-731-4273 Permits & Forms Apply for a Pistol Permit Request an Accident Report Request Event/Traffic Assistance **The Sheriff’s Office cannot supply legal forms or assist with the completion of them. We are not attorneys. Please contact your legal representative for assistance with legal forms.** Civil Office The Civil Office offers services needed for income execution, serving legal papers, evictions, and a number of other civil transactions. Eviction Day Procedure Services & Fees Criminal Investigations Unit The Criminal Investigations Unit is responsible for a variety of felony investigations including robberies, burglaries, larcenies, sex crimes and drug investigations. The Criminal Investigations Unit is also tasked with executing warrants as well as conducting background investigations on all potential county employees before they are hired. The Criminal Investigations Unit is also responsible for the tracking of sex offenders in Greene County ensuring that they are properly registered with New York State Department of Criminal Justice Services and are up to date with the mandatory annual verification process which gives law enforcement the most up to date information on each sex offender’s whereabouts and activities within Greene County. The Sheriff’s Office has (2) K-9 Units that are trained in narcotics detection and enforcement. Corrections The Greene County Jail is also an important part of the Greene County Sheriff’s Office. Defendants are normally remanded to the Greene County Jail as inmates to await trial. After trial the inmate might stay in the county jail if the sentence imposed is a year or less. Peter J. Kusminsky , Greene County Sheriff Tracey Quinn , Undersheriff tquinn@greenesheriffny.gov Joel Rowell , Captain jrowell@greenesheriffny.gov Andrew Overbaugh , Lieutenant aoverbaugh@greenesheriffny.gov Andrea Benjamin-Legg , Civil Office Manager alegg@greenesheriffny.gov 518-943-3300 x 606 Brianne Lee , Confidential Secretary to the Sheriff blee@greenesheriffny.gov 518-943-3300 x 501 t. 518-943-3300 f. 518-943-6832 e. sheriff@greenesheriffny.gov 411 Main Street, Suite 202, Catskill, NY 12414 Facebook Stay in the know! Positively Greene is Greene County’s monthly update on new happenings, progress, and the improvements being made in our community. Sign Up Today! Read the current issue Read previous issues Facebook YouTube Department Socials Directory Greene County, New York 411 Main Street, Catskill, NY 12414 ©2026 Greene County, New York