Whatcom County Sheriff's Office | Whatcom County, WA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Sheriff's Office Home Your Government Departments Sheriff Whatcom County Sheriff's Office Como traducir la página al español. For up-to-date flood response information, please visit our Division of Emergency Management's page here. The Whatcom County Sheriff’s Office has a staff of over 200 employees under the leadership of Sheriff Donnell "Tank" Tanksley. The Sheriff’s Office is comprised of three bureaus: Law Enforcement and Investigations, Corrections (including the main jail and the Interim Work Center), and Civil and Support Services. In addition, the Division of Emergency Management serves to enhance the safety of Whatcom County residents and guests in the event of a natural or man-made disaster. PLEASE BE AWARE OF THIS SCAM! The caller uses the actual name, title and similar badge number of an employee of the Whatcom County Sheriff’s Office, demands money, and threatens to arrest you on an outstanding warrant. Although many of these types of callers use telephone numbers with Whatcom County area codes and prefix numbers, most of the persons engaged in this fraudulent activity are actually out of state or out of the country and are very difficult to identify and capture. Just. Hang. Up! 𝗟𝗮𝘄 𝗲𝗻𝗳𝗼𝗿𝗰𝗲𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁 𝘄𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝗡𝗘𝗩𝗘𝗥 𝗰𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗮𝗰𝘁 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝘀𝘂𝗴𝗴𝗲𝘀𝘁 𝘁𝗵𝗮𝘁 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝗽𝗮𝘆 𝗳𝘂𝗻𝗱𝘀 𝘁𝗼 𝗮𝘃𝗼𝗶𝗱 𝗯𝗲𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗮𝗿𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗱. Click here to see our Spotlight on Service articles, featuring members of the WCSO staff. Our Services How Do I? Pages and Sites Our Services Evictions Fingerprinting Process Service Sex Offender Registration Sheriff's Sales How Do I? Law Enforcement Find No Shooting Zones Report a crime online Report a tip Records Concealed Pistol License Information Make an appointment for fingerprinting Request a Sheriff's Office record Civil Evict tenants Get information on Sheriff's Sales Have the Sheriff's Office serve papers Corrections Buy food or supplies for an inmate Fund an inmate's account Send mail to an inmate Visit a Jail or Work Center Inmate Employment Apply to work at the Sheriff's Office Pages and Sites Alerts and tips Boating safety laws Inmate Orientation Handbook Missing persons Report a crime online Sex offender information Victim Information & Notification Everyday (VINE) Sheriff Donnell "Tank" Tanksley Sheriff's Office Public Safety Building (Enter off Prospect St.) 311 Grand Avenue, B1 Bellingham, WA 98225 Jail 360-778-6500 Records 360-778-6670 (CPLs and police reports) Evidence 360-778-6671 (property and evidence) Reception 360-778-6600 Fax 360-778-6601 Mon-Fri 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM Connect with us! FOR NON-EMERGENCY DISPATCH OR TO SPEAK TO A DEPUTY CALL 360-676-6911 File a complaint Concealed Pistol License Information Report a crime online View law enforcement activity reports Updated jail bookings View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Departments Agendas & Minutes Employment 311 Grand Avenue Bellingham, WA 98225 Phone: 360-778-5000 Facebook X YouTube Nextdoor More Ways To Follow /QuickLinks.aspx Real Property Search COVID 19 Updates/Info GIS Tax Parcel Viewer /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Terms of Use Employee login Copyright /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow