Adams County Sheriff's Office – Connecting Our Communities Portal Warrants Most Wanted Registered Sex Offenders Missing Persons Departments Administration Canine Unit (K-9) Civil Process Court Forensic Unit Investigation Jail N.A.R.C./H.E.A.T. Patrol Support Services Training Academy Victim’s Advocate M.D.O.C. Release A.C.S.O. Articles Sheriff Travis Patten GET THE LATEST NEWS & EVENTS FROM SHERIFF TRAVIS PATTEN! out IMG_0171 IMG_0221 IMG_0226 IMG_0231-Edit copy IMG_0242 IMG_0255 IMG_0260 CONNECTING OUR COMMUNITIES Welcome to Adams County “Our communities are the fabric that connects us throughout Adams County. Ensuring our safety, developing our youth, and increasing our quality of life can only be achieved through our commitment to reach these common goals together.” As Sheriff of Adams County, I am determined to reduce crime, fear, and disorder while restoring the values that have upheld our great county. It is my belief that we can affect positive change throughout Adams County by implementing the three “C’s” of commitment. They are: CONSIDERATION The issues and concerns within our county still remain. I commit myself to proper planning and consideration of the factors that affect us all. I believe we can implement more frugal spending, better address our community needs, and develop a holistic approach for bettering our community. COMMUNICATION The way we communicate dictates the way we act. I intend to communicate effectively, creatively, and most importantly – honestly with the citizens of our county. The implementation of policies that make us accessible and more accountable to our citizens will ensure that everyone knows their voice, their ideas, and their contribution to our community matters. COLLABORATION The backbone of any community rests in the ability of its people to come together. I believe a network of community stakeholders is an integral part of this vision for Adams County. A working relationship with local and surrounding law enforcement agencies, the faith based community, community leaders, and corporate and private organizations will support the progression of our county. We at the Adams County Sheriff’s Office are fully committed to this initiative and intend to work with our citizens to identify and seek long-term solutions to problems relating to crime, fear of crime, neighborhood decay and poor quality of life. The only way we can connect our communities is to connect with each other. Let’s stand together, grow together and rise together. Respectfully, Sheriff Travis Patten EMERGENCY | DIAL 911 (601) 442-2752 (24 HOURS) CRIME TIPS HOTLINE CLICK TO SUBMIT AN EMAIL RECENT NEWS Expunge Mississippi May 7, 2026 Follow the link for more information about Expunge Mississippi ACSO ARTICLES 2026 February 11, 2026 Final "31 Guns in 31 Days" Raffle Winner Calendar. Congratulations to all the Winners and THANK YOU to all of the Sponsors and to all of you who purchased tickets! May 12, 2025 Winning Raffle Calendar 05312025Download