Sheriff's Office | Island County, WA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments & Offices Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Mission Statement Core Values Mission Statement It is the mission of the Island County Sheriff's Office to provide unbiased, community-oriented police services in order to maintain and enhance Island County's reputation as a safe, thriving community where residents and visitors can safely live, work and visit. Core Values Service - We are committed to the concept that our primary purpose is to provide excellence in public safety and community service. Professionalism - We are committed to adhering to the highest professional standards in all aspects of our chosen profession. Accountability - All of our actions will be measured by the rules of our mission statement, core values, policy and the law. We will hold ourselves accountable to these principles at all times. SERVICE OF CIVIL PAPERS The Island County Sheriff’s Office Civil Unit processes and serves a wide range of court documents filed in Washington and other states. Our responsibility and priority are to serve those court documents directly that require the Sheriff of Island County to serve, including Protection Orders, Writs of Restitution, Writs of Execution, Orders of Sale, Criminal Subpoenas, Writs of Habeas Corpus, etc. Other court documents not requiring the direct service of the Sheriff’s Office, such as Small Claims, Notices, Summons, Complaints, Petitions, Declarations, Civil Subpoenas, Orders to Show Cause, etc., will not be accepted for service at this time except under the following circumstances : The documents will be accepted for service on a person currently booked into the Island County Jail, The documents are from out of state, and that state requires service by law enforcement. Those needing service for these other court documents may seek service through private process servers or anyone over the age of 18, not a party to the action. How do I get a copy of a police report? How do I get a new Concealed Pistol License or Renew/Replace an existing license? Does the sheriff's office provide service of documents? How do I file a Protection Order? I have an active protection order. How do I get a hope card to carry with me? How can I get fingerprints? How do I recover property held in evidence? Do you sponsor a Drug Take Back? How do I access the Sheriff Tip Line? How do I obtain a collision report? I'm required to register as a Sex Offender. How do I do this? What are some tips for recovering from identify theft or fraud? Where can I learn more about the rules for e-bikes? Where can I find resources regarding elder fraud? Do I qualify for an expungement with the Washington State Patrol? View All /FAQ.aspx Contact Us Rick Felici Sheriff "I believe strongly in a community that works together with law enforcement to help solve crime and make Island County a safer place to live. In order to commit to this philosophy, I will dedicate myself to answering the needs of the citizens and fostering their trust in the men and women of the Island County Sheriff's Office." Sheriff's Office, Coupeville Physical Address View Map 101 NE 6th Street Law and Justice Building Coupeville , WA 98239 101 NE 6th Street Law and Justice Building Coupeville WA 98239 Directions Mailing Address 1 NE 7th Street Coupeville , WA 98239 Phone 360-678-4422 Fax 360-679-7314 Hours Monday through Friday 8 am to 4:30 pm Find Us on Facebook Maps Notifications Property LOOKUP Whidbey Office 1 NE 7th Street Coupeville, WA 98239 Camano Office 121 N East Camano Drive Camano Island, WA 98282 Mailing Address 1 NE 7th Street Coupeville, WA 98239 Main Line: 360-678-5111 Sheriff: 360-679-7310 Juror Recordings Superior Court: 800-254-2755 District Court: 800-946-9765 Island County Directory Home Site Map Subscribe to Email Updates Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow