Sheriff - Rosebud CountyRosebud County Sheriff Name Position Allen Fulton Sheriff Scott McDermott Under Sheriff John O'Toole Chief Deputy Sergeant Quentin McClure K-9 Unit Sydney Mohr Civil / Sheriff Secretary The Rosebud County Sheriff’s Office was established in 1901. Since its inception there have been 7 appointed and 14 elected Sheriffs. Sheriff Fulton was appointed in 2016. Mission Statement HONOR * INTEGRITY * RESPECT The mission of the Rosebud County Sheriff’s Office is to provide community oriented Law Enforcement designed to protect life and property and maintain order while assuring fair and equal treatment for all. Rosebud County Sheriff's Office - Detention Jail Visiting Hours Tuesday 5:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. Saturday 11:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Items Allowed to Keep in Jail Wedding Ring (band only) Religious Medallion (less than 1″ in diameter) 4 Photographs (4 x 6 or smaller) Items Brought to Inmates Money – must be cash or money order 1 Set of Clothes for Court Prescription Drugs – Mailed directly from Pharmacy only Books & Magazines – Mailed directly from Publisher or Book Store ( must be soft cover) Letters, Cards, etc. Must come thru the US Postal Service Putting money on inmates books just got easier. The website team3.inmatecanteen.com adds the funds for you from anywhere. Make a profile, scroll to Montana and chose Rosebud County. Money can still be brought in to the facility or mailed to the inmate. The detention staff is trained by attending the Correction/Detention Basic Course at the Montana Law Enforcement Academy in Helena. In addition to being responsible for the custody and care of inmates, they cook meals and take care of custodial duties at the Sheriff’s Office. The Rosebud County Detention Center holds up to 26 inmates. Rosebud County Sheriff's Office - Dispatch The communications staff is employed by the Rosebud County Sheriff’s Office. Should you ever have need to call the Sheriff’s Office, remain calm and speak clearly. The dispatcher will ask you for your name, address, phone number, and the nature of your call. Although you should keep your call brief, do not hang up until the dispatcher has taken all information necessary. In addition to dispatching for the Rosebud County Sheriff’s Office, the dispatchers are in touch with the local Montana Highway Patrol Officers and Game Wardens. They are also responsible for paging Disaster and Emergency Services, Forsyth and Ashland Ambulances and Rural County Fire Departments. The dispatchers are trained at the Montana Law Enforcement Academy Public Safety Communicators Basic Course in Helena. They also complete Criminal Justice Information Network and National Crime Information Center Training and maintain their certification with frequent updates. The Rosebud County Sheriff’s Office employs 4 full time dispatchers. Forms and Documents Concealed Weapon Permit - Application New & Renewal Ordinance - County Litter Control Ordinance - Maintaining Nuisance Animal Ordinance - Dogs running at large Ashland Ordinance - Dogs running at large Rosebud Ordinance - Vicious Dog Ordinance - Regulation of Pawnbrokers Warrants List Inmate Roster Business Questionnaire Check out our Facebook page Phone Number Forsyth 406-346-2715 Ashland 406-784-2399 Colstrip 406-748-3385 *Note: All calls are routed through the Forsyth dispatch center. The dispatcher will dispatch a Deputy to your location or ask the Deputy to return your call. Fax Forsyth 406-346-7397 Ashland 406-784-2749 Colstrip 406-748-3212 Address Forsyth 180 S 13th Ave PO Box 85 Forsyth MT 59327 Additional Locations Ashland Hwy 212 MM 62 Ashland, MT 59003 Colstrip 303 Willow St Colstrip, MT 59323 Contact Us Name * First Last Email * Phone * Department: Sheriff Message * CAPTCHA Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.