Frequently Asked Questions - Sheriff and Jail - Wapello County, Iowa Overcast · 66° Bid Notices Courts Employment FAQ Translate Language Translate Wapello County · Iowa Home Departments American Gothic House Assessor Attorney Auditor Board of Supervisors Conservation Emergency Management Environmental Health GIS Judicial Mental Health Advocate Planning and Zoning Public Health Recorder Secondary Roads Sheriff and Jail Treasurer Veterans Affairs Weed Commissioner About Cemeteries Communities Elected Officials School Districts Township Information Contact Sheriff and Jail Frequently Asked Questions Resources & Services About the Sheriff Sheriff History Sheriff's Reserve Sheriff Sales Livestock Owner Notification Sign-Up Submit a Crime Tip Civil Division Employment Weapon Permits Current Inmates Jail Information Jail History Inmates Sex Offenders FAQ Department Home Filter by Category All Jail Sheriff Q. A train is blocking an intersection in Wapello County. What can I do? A. An online form is available to report a blocked crossing. Access it here . Jail Q. Are phone calls and visitation different? A. Yes. Visitation requires a trip to the Jail by the person that wants to talk to the inmate. Phone calls can be made by inmates at all times that they are not in lockdown. Q. How do I send an inmate money for commissary items? A. The Wapello County Jail does not accept cash or personal checks. You will need to get a money order or cashier's check and send it to that person through the USPS Mail. You can not drop it off at the jail. You can also go to www.Smartdeposit.com or call 1-866-394-0490 and send money by credit card. You can also use the Kiosk located in the Jail Lobby. You can also go to www.westernunion.com or call 1-800-634-3422 to send money via Western Union. Q. How do the phone calls work? A. We use Prodigy for our inmate phone system. The inmates can purchase phone time through their commissary account. Friends and family can also put money on their by calling 1-866-797-5578 or go online at www.inmatesales.com Q. I need to get fingerprinted for a job or background check, when can I have that done? A. Call the Wapello County Jail at 641-684-4350 to make the necessary arrangements. There is a fee to be which can be paid directly to the jail once the fingerprinting is complete. Q. What if I want my number blocked so I don’t receive calls from the jail? A. Call the jail and give them your name and number or you can call Prodigy directly at 1-866-797-5578. Sheriff Q. How do I contact a deputy who handled my incident or complaint? A. Please call 641-684-4350 and ask for the deputy who you spoke with regarding the incident or complaint. If the deputy is available you may be connected to speak with the deputy. If the deputy is unavailable you will be able to leave a message on that deputies voicemail. You will be contacted as soon as the deputy is available, please remember that our deputies work varying shifts, so the may be on their days off when you call. Q. How do I get a copy of an incident report or an accident report? A. Please call 641-684-4350 and ask for the records custodian and they will be able to assist you. Some charges may apply for records request. Q. How do I pay a traffic citation? A. Tickets can be paid at the Clerk of Court in person, through the mail, or online. The information how to pay is listed on the citation. Q. How do I pick up recovered property or evidence that has been recovered? A. Please call 641-684-4350 and ask to speak with someone for property return. A supervisor will speak with you if available or return your call as soon as possible. Some property may require a court order for return. You must set up an appointment for property return. Q. How do I request a background check? A. Complete criminal history checks are done through the Iowa Department of Criminal Investigation (DCI). Forms can be obtained on the Iowa Department of Public Safety DCI website . Map · Wapello County Sheriff and Jail 330 W 2nd St · Ottumwa, IA 52501 Wapello County Courthouse 101 W. 4th St Ottumwa, IA 52501 Contact Us Upcoming Holidays Department Hours May Vary ©2026 Wapello County, Iowa powered by Upcoming Holiday Closure Schedule Independence Day (July 3, 2026) Labor Day (September 7, 2026) Veteran's Day Observed (November 11, 2026) Thanksgiving (November 26, 2026) Day After Thanksgiving (November 27, 2026) Day Before Christmas Day Observed (December 24, 2026) Christmas (December 25, 2026)