Hamilton County Sheriff's Office - Protected, Heard, & Served Skip to content Get quick, clear answers to your questions. The Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office can give you the information you need on inmates, policies, concealed carry permits, property auctions, reporting a crime, and more. We want to be sure you are protected, heard, and served well. We believe you shouldn’t have to sift through confusing information to find what you need. Sheriff McGuffey and the Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office are committed to transparency, building trust, protecting our citizens, and listening to the ideas and concerns of our community. Serving the Residents of Hamilton County for years 0 + Employing over officers & staff 0 + Start Your Search We recommend starting with the most sought-after topics. If you need more assistance, we’re here to help. Find information Property Sales Background Checks Concealed Carry Find a person Inmate Search Sex Offenders Inmate Information Your Sheriff Charmaine McGuffey Sheriff Charmaine McGuffey is a 33-year veteran of the Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office, and is the highest ranking woman in the history of the Sheriff’s Office. She held the rank of Sergeant, Lieutenant, Captain, and Major prior to being elected Sheriff in November 2020. Meet the Sheriff Report a Crime For Emergencies, dial 911 noun_criminal detection_2355448 Submit a tip by filling out this form . CAREERS WITH THE SHERIFF’S OFFICE The Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office is a progressive law-enforcement agency with many career advancement opportunities. Few are called to a career in law enforcement. Fewer still can meet the rigorous standards required of a Hamilton County Deputy Sheriff. If you are ready for a challenging and fulfilling career, explore our hiring process and qualifications. Learn about employment at the Sheriff’s Office Our Divisions Administration Path 3 This division delivers training in accordance with the Sheriff’s policies, as well as state and federal standards, information systems, and oversees warrants, records, and identifications. More about the administration Court Services gavel This multi-faceted operation has diverse responsibilities, which include: court security, building security, public auction of properties, felony warrant and indictment, prisoner transportation, registration of convicted sex offenders, and more. More about court services Jail Services jail We are responsible for the operation of all adult detention facilities in Hamilton County that are under the jurisdiction of the Sheriff’s Office. This includes 437 uniformed Corrections Officers, Supervisors, and support service personnel. More about jail services Enforcement handcuffs We provide primary police service to 12 unincorporated townships within Hamilton County, and work hand-in-hand with officers on the road. More about enforcement Recent News Read All News Happy 2nd Birthday, Oliver! July 10, 2025 This week, we celebrated the 2nd birthday of our sweet boy Oliver, Hamilton County’s first-ever Therapy Canine! 🥳 Oliver brings so much joy and comfort READ MORE Congratulations, Oliver! July 17, 2024 It’s been a busy and wonderful month for our sweet boy Oliver!! 🐾 Oliver is our agency’s first dedicated Therapy K9, and he serves as READ MORE Family Fun Day – June 2024 June 27, 2024 Our staff and their families were able to spend time together at Family Fun Day with Sheriff McGuffey, Chief Gramke, and other Command Staff and READ MORE Join the HCSO Team Today! HAMILTON COUNTY SHERIFF Charmaine McGuffey 1000 Sycamore Street Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 513-946-6400 Copyright © Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office Legal Disclaimer Jail Services Corrections Officers play a critical role in the custody, security, and treatment of inmates or detainees while learning and developing the interpersonal skills required to perform a range of corrections officer assignments. Working in the jail provides valuable experience, knowledge, and communication to prepare Deputies to move into various roles within the Sheriff’s Office. Our employment process is rigorous, and we only select those few who are passionate about engaging with their community and serving those around them. Due to the significance of the sworn position, applicants must always be truthful in their application responses and during the entire certification/hiring process. Failure to be truthful during the certification/employment process may disqualify an applicant. Truthfulness and candor in this application process are important requirements for becoming a Correctional Officer. Corrections Academy Corrections Officers are hired into our 10-week, paid Corrections Academy, where they learn Teamwork, Inmate communication/de-escalation tactics, Teamwork, physical conditioning, defensive tactics, first aid, and laws/regulations. Students must meet the testing, attendance, and physical conditioning requirements to complete the Academy successfully. Recruits learn a sense of community and Accountability the HCSO way: Minimum Requirements: Candidate must have a High School Diplo9ma or GED equivalence Candidate must possess a valid driver’s license and a clean driving history Candidate must be able to pass a drug screening, medical examination by a licensed physician, and a CVSA (lie detector) Candidate must be 18 years of age prior to the hire date Candidate must be a U.S. citizen or Naturalization Certified Candidate must have a clean criminal record, including no felony convictions Candidate must not have had a DUI conviction within the past five years and no more than two in a lifetime Candidate must have an Honorable Military Discharge, if applicable Applicants may be disqualified from consideration for certification/employment as a Correctional Officer if it is determined that the applicant: Was untruthful, deliberately omitted, concealed, or falsified relevant facts during the certification/employment consideration process; Been convicted of a felony; Committed serious employment-related crimes; Sold illegal drugs; Used illegal drugs within a specific period of time; OR Acquired extensive debt or evidence of extreme financial negligence Schedule: Corrections Officers work 12-hour shifts: 7 am – 7 pm or 7 pm to 7 am. There is occasionally mandatory overtime in 4-hour increments. There is also a mandatory shift that is worked once every 30 days. Please note: If you apply for a corrections officer position, most communication(s) from the Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office will be via email. It is YOUR RESPONSIBILITY to ensure your email address is current in your online profile and that you check your email, including “Spam” and “Junk” folders, to ensure you do not miss any notifications. In addition to checking your personal email account, you may also check for notifications by logging in to the online application system and utilizing your login and password.