Sheriff - WCSO | Wise County, VA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Elected Officials Sheriff - WCSO Sheriff - WCSO Office of the Sheriff The Sheriff is the only locally elected constitutional law enforcement officer of the Commonwealth of Virginia, as provided in the Constitution of Virginia, and is elected by the citizens of his or her locality every four years. As described in Title 15.2-1609 of the Code of Virginia., the sheriff shall exercise all the powers conferred and perform all the duties imposed upon sheriffs by general law. The sheriff shall enforce the law or see that it is enforced in the locality from which he is elected and assists in the judicial process as provided by general law. The sheriff may perform such other duties, not inconsistent with his office, as may be requested of him by the governing body. Accordingly, the duties of the sheriff are not spelled out in any one document, law, or regulation. Responsibilities & Legal Authority of the Sheriff Law Enforcement Title 15.2-1609 of the Code of Virginia mandates that all sheriffs are ultimately responsible for law enforcement in their respective localities. Law enforcement responsibilities can include but not be limited to: the arrest and processing of criminal violations, service of civil and criminal warrants, conducting preliminary & follow-up criminal investigations, and providing other general law enforcement-related duties as needed. Service to the Courts Court services are the responsibility of all Virginia’s sheriffs. In each locality, the sheriff is responsible for the security of the courthouse, the courtrooms, and the trials while they are underway. Sheriffs are responsible for the security and sequestering of the jurors and notification of jurors for court service. Additionally, sheriffs’ offices are responsible for the service of hundreds of thousands of court papers per year, ranging from divorce proceedings and child custody cases to simple civil suits among citizens. In addition to these services, sheriffs are called upon to promote community programs and services for victims and witnesses of crime as well as participate in civil commitments to the citizens of their locality to protect the basic health and welfare of those citizens. Message from Wise County Sheriff, E. Grant Kilgore The Wise County Sheriff's Office is an accredited agency that is constantly striving to bring the best possible services to the citizens of Wise County and the City of Norton. We maintain a high standard for all of our personnel, ensuring they receive the best training possible to provide quality law enforcement services to all. Any comments about our agency are welcomed. As a proactive, progressive agency, we consistently evaluate ourselves to bring you the best law enforcement services possible. Have Questions? We are here to assist the citizens of Wise County and the City of Norton. Contact us by phone, email, or on social media. Where is the Wise County Sheriff's Office? How do I file a police report? How do I request records? How old must I be to be hired as a Wise County Sheriff's Office deputy? If I live within town or city limits do I still call Wise County Dispatch Center if I need law enforcement or emergency services assistance? View All /FAQ.aspx Follow Us On Social Media Contact Us E. Grant Kilgore Sheriff Email Sheriff E. Grant Kilgore Wise County Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 5605 Patriot Drive Wise , VA 24293 5605 Patriot Drive Wise VA 24293 Directions Mailing Address P.O. Box 916 Wise , VA 24293 Phone: 276-328-3566 Fax: 276-328-2624 Emergency Phone: 911 Dispatch Non-Emergency Phone: 276-328-3756 Hours Monday through Friday 8 am to 4:30 pm Administrative offices are closed on state-observed holidays. Emergency services are available 24 hours a day. Directory CodeRED Community Notification Enrollment CRASHDOCS Online Crash Report Information Courts and Magistrate Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) View All /QuickLinks.aspx Assessments County Budget Residential alert system Wise County 206 East Main Street Wise, Virginia 24293 Phone: 276-328-2321 Fax: 276-328-9780 Contact Us County Code Budget & Financial Information Litter Control & Recycling Public Records Requests Alerts /QuickLinks.aspx Voter Information Wise County Localities GIS & E911 Employment Opportunities General Registrar & Elections /QuickLinks.aspx Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Photo Credits KeyNet /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow