Inmate Mail | Burlington County, NJ - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Corrections - Jail Inmate Resources Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Inmates may send and receive mail daily. Inmates are only permitted to receive the following items through the mail: Up to 6 of the following clothing items: white or orange plain t-shirts (no pockets, no collars, no print, no buttons, no zippers); white underwear and white socks. Up to 2 of the following clothing items: white thermal long johns (no pockets, no collars, no print, no buttons, no zippers); white or orange sweats (pants/tops-no pockets, no collars, no print, no buttons, no zippers, no drawstrings, no hoods). Up to 2 of the following personal items: solid white bath towels. Up to 2 of the following publications: newspapers; magazines; paperback books (must come directly from publisher or source of sale. 1 of the following: AM/FM only (no cassette or CD types) Walkman type radio with ear buds. Batteries can only be purchased from inmate commissary. ( NO BOOTS OR SNEAKERS ACCEPTED). These items must be brand new and mailed directly from the source of sale. For example, J.C. Penny's, K-Mart or Wal-Mart, excludes Amazon. THE JAIL WILL NOT ACCEPT ANY PACKAGES FROM AMAZON. Mailing address for the inmates is as follows: Inmate Full Name and Jail ID number P.O. Box 6000 Mount Holly, NJ 08060 Recycling Animal Shelter Legal Notices 49 Rancocas Road Mount Holly, NJ 08060 Phone: 609-265-5000 Contact the Commissioners Commissioners Meetings Sheriff's Sales & Foreclosures Corrections Visiting Employee Mail Employee Login /QuickLinks.aspx How should I dispose of my used syringes? Who should recycle? Can aerosol cans be recycled? Can I put plastic packing material from cardboard boxes in my recycling? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow