Sheriff | Middlesex County, VA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Constitutional Officers and Appointed Officials Sheriff Sheriff Middlesex Sheriff's Office The Sheriff for Middlesex County is M. E. Sampson. The Sheriff is elected by the citizens of Middlesex County every four years. The Sheriff is referred to as a constitutional officer because his office is specifically established by the Constitution of Virginia. He is under the direction of the State Compensation Board whose mission is to determine a reasonable budget for the participation of the Commonwealth toward the total cost of office operations for Constitutional Officers, and to assist those officers and their staff through automation, training and other means to improve efficiencies and to enhance the level of services provided to the citizens of Virginia. Mission Vision Values Mission Mission Statement The Middlesex County Sheriff's Office is committed to providing a safe community and improving the quality of life for the citizens we serve. We accomplish this by delivering quality law enforcement services and enforcing laws with equity and impartiality. In partnership with the community, we reduce crime by maintaining order, protecting life and property and through public education, prevention, and awareness. In meeting this objective, we demand of ourselves the highest professional standards and dedication to our core values. Vision Vision The Middlesex County Sheriff's Office will strive to provide the highest level of service and protection to our residents and the visitors of our county. This will be accomplished by ensuring our officers receive the highest level of training and perform their duties in a professional manner, adhering to the Constitution of the United States and the Commonwealth of Virginia. We will work in cooperation with our community to proactively identify and address areas of needed improvement, and to continually provide the quality service and safety deserved by our county, its residents and visitors. Values Values Professionalism : We value integrity, honesty, accountability, dependability and a commitment to excellence in the actions we take to fulfill our mission. Fairness : We promote consistency and fairness in the service we provide to the citizens of our community. The decisions we make are without favoritism or prejudice Teamwork : We respect each other, putting forth our diverse talents and experience to willingly share information and resources to ensure a partnership with the community we serve, as well as our neighboring communities Integrity : We strive to earn and maintain the trust of our citizens by holding ourselves to the highest ethical and moral standards. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT To submit a FOIA request, please email d.baird@CO.Middlesex.VA.US . When submitting your request, please include your full name, contact information, and incident address. FOIA Rights and Responsibilities M. E. Sampson Sheriff Middlesex County Sheriff's Office Physical Address 2788 General Puller Highway Saluda, VA 23149 <span class="fr-mk" style="display: none;">&nbsp;</span> Phone: 804-758-1335 Non-Emergency: 804-758-2779 Emergency: 911 Agendas & Minutes GIS Online Payments Middlesex County P.O. Box 428 Saluda, VA, 23149 Phone: 804-758-4330 Contact Us Animal Control County Ordinances Employment Opportunities Everbridge Emergency Alerts Watch Board Meetings /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Love the River. Love the Life. Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow