Walworth County Sheriff's Office | Walworth County, WI Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff's Office Walworth County Sheriff's Office A message from Sheriff Dave Gerber Greetings, Although the position and authority of the Sheriff extend from ancient origins, the office of Sheriff is created by the Wisconsin Constitution. The specific duties of the Sheriff are also set forth by State Statutes and Administrative Code. The citizens of Walworth County are proud of the complex professional law enforcement and public safety services provided on a daily basis. Our dedicated staff within the Sheriff’s Office provides professional and competent Law Enforcement Services daily to our community. These duties occur 24 hours per day, 7 days a week, requiring the dedication found within this website. The natural resources available in Walworth County make it an attractive area to live in. Many tourists or seasonal guests ultimately become full-time residents of the county. This development increases the demand for many services, including law enforcement. We embrace the challenge to maintain the quality of life that we enjoy. As Sheriff, my duties of providing professional law enforcement and public safety services directly impact this desired area to live or visit. I am exceedingly proud that the Wisconsin Law Enforcement Accreditation Group (WILEAG) awarded full accreditation status to the Walworth County Sheriff’s Office once again on December 15, 2023. We were the third Sheriff’s Office in Wisconsin to obtain this prestigious law enforcement status. I am equally proud to have been certified by the National Commission for Correctional Health Care with our jail. The Sheriff’s Office celebrates 185 years of service, and I am honored to be your 44th Sheriff. Dave Gerber Walworth County Sheriff Contact Us Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 1770 County Road NN Elkhorn , WI 53121 1770 County Road NN Elkhorn WI 53121 Directions Mailing Address 1770 County Road NN Elkhorn , WI 53121 Phone: Non-emergency: 262-741-4400 Emergency Phone: 911 Directory Links 2025 Annual Report Use of Force Policy - (PDF) Request For Records (PDF) Civil Process Services Forms and Instructions (PDF) Victim Information Brochure (PDF) Bad Check Information Sheet (DOC) Procedures Insufficient Closed Account Checks (DOC) Worthless Checks Cover Letter (DOC) Underage Alcohol Violations Program (PDF) 2026 Body Worn Cameras (PDF) GIS One View Meeting Videos & Agendas Notify Me® Walworth County Government Center 100 W Walworth Street Elkhorn, WI 53121 Staff Directory Employee Self Service Employee Information Portal /QuickLinks.aspx Where do I check juror status? Where do I report for jury duty? How do I pay my tax bill? Where can I find a copy of the county directory? Where can I find information on birth, death, and marriage certificates? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Feedback Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow