Incarcerated Person Mail and Reading Materials | Sutter County Sheriff, CA Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. (530) 822-7307 Sutter County Sheriff’s Office 1077 Civic Center Blvd., Yuba City, CA 95993 Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Font Size: + - Incarcerated person mailing address and policies for personal correspondences and reading materials for the Sutter County Sheriff's Office Jail facility are listed below. Writing and Receiving Personal Correspondence Sutter County Sheriff's Office enforces the following mail policy for all mail received for incarcerated persons of our jail facility. Sutter County Jail does not accept any mail with writing on envelopes except the name, incarcerated person number and address of the person(s) receiving or sending the mail and the incarcerated person's name and return address. All incoming and outgoing correspondence are inspected for contraband. Letters sent or received can not contain any form of contraband, threats, intimidation, escape plans, possible criminal information or any violation of State or Federal Law. There is no limitation on the volume of mail an incarcerated person may send or receive, however, there is a limitation on the amount of mail and photographs an incarcerated person may maintain in their cell. Incarcerated persons who are without funds are permitted at least two postage free-letters each week to permit correspondence with family members and friends, but without limitation on the number of postage-free letters to the incarcerated person's attorney and to the courts. All processed mail is deposited with the U.S. Postal Service without delay. Photographs may be given to incarcerated persons but they will be unadorned and may not exceed 3 inches by 5 inches in size. Jail staff may prohibit photographs which they deem capable of compromising the security of the facility. This includes Polaroid Photographs. No packages will be accepted for incarcerated persons. Packages shall be returned to sender by the mail room. Educational and/or religious materials may be allowed to an incarcerated person when approved by a supervisor. Such materials will only be accepted during normal visitation hours. Incarcerated persons are allowed to receive, read and permit other incarcerated persons to read any and all legal materials, newspapers, and books distributed by the jail. First class mail of persons no longer in our custody shall be returned to the Post Office for forwarding. Books, Newspapers and Periodicals Incarcerated persons may obtain books from the jail library. Incarcerated persons may receive newspapers, magazines, periodicals and soft-bound books through the U.S. mail only if they are sent directly from the publisher, a book seller or other vendor of such publications. Some publications may be disapproved due to the direct penological interests of the jail. All books must be paperback, not hardbound. Incarcerated persons are not permitted to receive books, newspapers, periodicals, publications, or any items from visitors. Educational and/or religious materials may be allowed to an incarcerated person when approved by a supervisor. Such materials will only be accepted during normal visitation hours. The jail does not accept books, magazines, or periodicals from visitors on visiting days. Incarcerated persons are limited in the amount of materials they may possess in housing areas. Subscriptions will not be forwarded by jail staff upon release or transfer of an incarcerated person. Mailing Address Name of Incarcerated Person SC#-XXXXX (Sutter County Number) c/o Sutter County Jail 1077 Civic Center Blvd. Yuba City, CA 95993