Inmate Mail | Hall County, GA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff's Office Jail Bureau Inmate & Visitor Information Inmate Mail Inmate Mail The Hall County Jail is committed to delivering mail to inmates, while maintaining the safety and security of all inmates and jail personnel by preventing the introduction of drugs and contraband into the facility. Packages or parcels for inmates will not be accepted and will be returned to the sender. Please carefully review the facility’s mail guidelines before sending mail to an inmate. Personal inmate mail All personal inmate mail must be sent to the central mail processing facility operated by JailATM.com. The mail processing facility performs the following functions: Opens and scans personal correspondence Delivers scanned copies of the correspondence electronically to the inmate Mailing address for personal mail: JailATM.com Hall County Jail, GA Inmate name and ID number P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 Personal mail sent directly to Hall County Jail will be returned to the sender. Legal mail Legal correspondence to an inmate must be mailed directly to the jail and must be sent only by a licensed attorney of record. Mailing address/format for legal mail: Name of attorney or law firm Inmate name and ID number Hall County Jail, GA 1700 Barber Rd. Gainesville, GA 30507 Business and transactional mail Business and transactional mail must be mailed directly to the jail . These items include: Checks Money orders Passbooks Deposit slips Birth certificates Social security cards Driver’s licenses Alien registration cards/green cards Welfare cards Medical cards School diplomas Personal identification cards Mailing address for official documents: Attn: Business Office Inmate name and ID number Hall County Jail, GA 1700 Barber Rd. Gainesville, GA 30507 Documents sent to the personal mail address will be returned to the sender. Mail restrictions Inmates may send and receive mail, except to/from the following individuals: Victims of the inmate’s crime(s) or alleged crime(s) Current inmates or former inmates Parolees or probationers Co-defendants Current or former jail employees, contract employees or volunteers Any person with an active Protection from Abuse Order against the inmate The following mail is prohibited: Packages or parcels Books, magazines and newspapers Defaced or altered postcards Mail containing plastic wrapping Mail marked with paint, magic markers or crayons Mail with stickers or labels, including address labels Mail with watermarks or that is stained in any manner Mail with biohazards, including lipstick and perfumes Mail depicting weapons or gang references Mail containing sexually explicit content or nudity Mail containing swimwear, lingerie or any inappropriate clothing Oversized postcards Mail written in code or containing drawings Permits Maps Job Opportunities Hall County Board of Commissioners P.O. Drawer 1435 Gainesville, GA 30503 Phone: 770-535-8288 Website Issues: Email the Public Information Office Jobs SPLOST Code of Ethics Board of Commissioners Elections / Voting Sheriff's Office /QuickLinks.aspx Home Copyright Notices Translate Site Map Accessibility Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow