Inmate Mail | Dubuque County, IA Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Departments Sheriff Jail Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Dubuque County IA How to Send Mail to Inmates To prevent introduction of drugs and contraband, Dubuque Jail has updated their process for sending mail to inmates. All inmate personal mail will be sent to a central processing facility, not to the Jail where an inmate is housed. At this JailATM.com mail processing facility, mail will be opened, scanned and sent to the inmate digitally to the inmate at the facility. No parcel packages will be processed, and inmates will not receive them. EFFECTIVE(August 5, 2025 ) All inmate mail should be mailed to the following address utilizing existing jail facility mail rules… NEW PERSONAL MAIL ADDRESS Dubuque County Jail, IA (Inmate Name/Number) P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 Effective (Aug 5,2025), ALL PERSONAL MAIL for inmates addressed directly to Dubuque County IA will be returned to sender. Legal Mail Legal mail must be mailed DIRECTLY to the jail and must be sent by a legally approved Licensed Attorney of Record . Legal Mail ONLY Name of Attorney or Firm of Record Inmate Name/Inmate Number Name of faciliyCounty Detention Center address city, state zip Business and Transactional Documents Business and Transactional documents must be mailed directly to the jail facility. These include: Checks Money orders Passbooks Deposit Slips Birth Certificates Social Security Cards Driver's License Alien Registration Card/Green Card Welfare Card Medical Card School Diplomas Personal Identification Card To mail official documents, use this address: Attn: Business Office Inmate Name/Inmate Number Dubuque County Jail Street address City State and zip Official documents sent directly to the institution will not be delivered to the inmate. Any document sent to the personal mail address will be returned to sender. Mail Regulations for Inmates at Dubuque County Jail All inmates are permitted to send and receive mail. Mail can be sent to anyone EXCEPT: victims of your crime, current inmates, former inmates, parolees, probationers, co-defendants, current or former Jail employees, current or former contract employees, current or former volunteers, anyone who has an active Protection from Abuse Order against the inmate that prohibits such contact. No parcel packages will be accepted for inmates and will be rejected and returned to the sender. Inmate Visitation Weapons Permits Employment IowaVINE Joseph L. Kennedy Dubuque County Sheriff's Office Dubuque Law Enforcement Center 770 Iowa Street PO Box 1004 Dubuque, IA 52004-1004 General Inquiries 563-589-4406 Email: info@dbqcosheriff.com Detect Elder Fraud Iowa Alcoholic Beverages Division Iowa Homeland Security Iowa Law Enforcement Academy Iowa Sex Offender Registry Treatment Services U.S. Department of Homeland Security /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Employee Intranet /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow