Inmate Mail | Walworth County, WI Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff's Office Divisions Corrections Inmates Inmate Mail Inmate Mail US MAIL / MAGAZINES / PACKAGES Inmates have the opportunity to correspond by mail with family, friends, attorneys, the courts, government officials, and others. All incoming and outgoing mail will be processed through the United States Postal Service and subject to inspection. The address to send mail to an inmate has changed. All personal mail, such as letters, pictures, and drawings, will now be digitally delivered via tablets. Inmate mail can be sent in care of the inmate to: Walworth County Jail, WI Inmate Name/Inmate Identifier # PO Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Any newspapers, magazines, softcover books, or catalogs must be sent to: Walworth County Jail Inmate Name/Inmate Identifier # 1770 County Road NN Elkhorn, WI 53121 Newspapers, magazines, softcover books, and catalogs must be sent directly from the publisher or pre-approved book seller. All mail items are subject to search. Contraband items will be seized. No 2nd-, 3rd-, or 4th-class mail is accepted. For example: book clubs, cd/tape clubs. No packages and/or bulk mail will be accepted. Examples of some pre-approved online book sellers include: Amazon books Barnes and Noble Walmart GIS One View Meeting Videos & Agendas Notify Me® Walworth County Government Center 100 W Walworth Street Elkhorn, WI 53121 Staff Directory Employee Self Service Employee Information Portal /QuickLinks.aspx Where do I check juror status? Where do I report for jury duty? How do I pay my tax bill? Where can I find a copy of the county directory? Where can I find information on birth, death, and marriage certificates? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Feedback Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Acceptable Use Policy Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow