County Sheriff | Carver County, MN Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Go Contact Sheriff's Office 606 E. Fourth St. Chaska, MN 55318 Business Phone (952) 361-1212 Non-Emergency (952) 361-1231 Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Feedback Print "Our mission is to serve everyone with respect and dignity and to do so with honor, integrity and pride." "Nuestra mision es de servir a todos con respeto y dignidad y de hacerlo con honor, integridad & orgullo." "The vision of the Carver County Sheriff’s Office is to advance our professional relationships with community partners and government agencies to provide effective services that address the needs of the citizens." " La vision de la oficina del alguacil del condado de carver es avanzar nuestras relaciones professionales en alianza con agencias comunitarias para proveer servicios efectivos para asistir con las necesidades de nuestros residentes. " Sheriff Jason Kamerud jkamerud@carvercountymn.gov (952) 361-1212 As Sheriff of Carver County, I welcome you to the Carver County Sheriff’s Office website. I believe a community is stronger when its citizens are informed and involved, and public safety is enhanced when the community is actively committed to working together. This website serves as one forum to receive and share information with our citizens in furtherance of our community outreach and engagement initiatives. Every day more than 200 employees and volunteers provide essential public safety services in Carver County. These services include secure detention, administration, 911 communications, law enforcement, and emergency management. The dedicated women and men who serve in these roles are committed to serving everyone with respect and dignity, and doing so with honor, integrity, and pride as outlined in our mission statement. The information contained on this website is developed to provide general information about our agency divisions and provide an avenue for citizens to share information with us electronically. New ideas and suggestions from our citizens are vital to improving our services. I invite you to explore its content and contact us with ideas, comments, and suggestions about our services. I am honored and proud to serve as the 16th Sheriff of Carver County, working alongside the courageous women and men who have sworn an oath to uphold the Constitution and laws in protecting our citizens, and I wish to thank the citizens of Carver County for your ongoing support. En Español jkamerud@carvercountymn.gov (952) 361-1212 Como Alguacil del Condado de Carver, le doy la bienvenida al sitio web de la Oficina del Condado de Carver. Creo que una comunidad es más fuerte cuando sus ciudadanos están informados e involucrados, la seguridad pública se mejora cuando la comunidad está activamente comprometida en trabajar juntos. Este sitio de internet sirve como un foro para recibir y compartir información con nuestros ciudadanos a favor de nuestras iniciativas de divulgación y participación comunitaria. Cada día, más de 200 empleados y voluntarios proporcionan servicios esenciales de seguridad pública en el condado de Carver. Estos servicios incluyen detención segura, administración, llamadas al 911, aplicación de la ley en gestión en caso de emergencias. Las mujeres y los hombres dedicados que desempeñan estas funciones estamos comprometidos a servir a todos lo miembros de nuestra comunidad con respeto y dignidad, y hacerlo con honor, integridad y orgullo, como se describe en la declaración de nuestra misión. La información contenida en este sitio web está desarrollada para proporcionar información general sobre nuestras las divisiones de nuestra agencia y proporcionar una vía para que los ciudadanos compartan información con nosotros electrónicamente. Las nuevas ideas y sugerencias de nuestros ciudadanos son vitales para mejorar nuestros servicios. Te invitamos a explorar su contenido y ponerte en contacto con nosotros con ideas, comentarios y sugerencias sobre nuestros servicios. Me siento honrado y orgulloso de servir como el 16th Alguacil del Condado de Carver, trabajando junto a las valientes mujeres y hombres que han jurado defender la Constitución y las leyes para proteger a nuestros ciudadanos, y deseo agradecer a los ciudadanos del condado de Carver por su apoyo continuo. Citizen Complaints / Ciudadano Querella If you believe an employee of the Carver County Sheriff's Office has behaved in an inappropriate manner, you are encouraged to inform the Office. Complaints and concerns can often be handled without filing a "formal" complaint. Call 952-361-1231 any time of the day or night and ask to speak to the on-duty supervisor. In person at the Carver County Sheriff's Office, 606 E. 4th Street, Chaska, MN 55318 . Business hours are Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.. If it is outside normal business hours, you may use the phone in the lobby and ask to speak to the on-duty supervisor. If you choose to file a formal written complaint, please complete this form fully and accurately (En Español use esta forma ). For additional information on filing a formal written complaint, please visit the Administrative & Justice Services page . Records Data Request For data request information, Request a Report (en Español use esta hipervínculo ). Permit to Purchase Effective June 1, 2021, Permit to Purchase applications will be accepted in person during business hours (Monday-Friday 8:00AM-4:30PM). You MUST bring a copy of your completed application and a copy of your driver's license. Permit to Purchase applications will also be accepted via email at: Sheriff Gun Permits Please visit Licenses and Permits for instructions and application. Please contact us at (952) 361-1212 (Monday-Friday, 8:00 AM-4:30 PM) with questions. Permit to Carry Effective June 1, 2021 Permit to carry applications will be taken in person during business hours (Monday-Friday 8:00AM-4:30PM). You MUST bring a copy of your training certificate and a copy of your driver's license. Payment in the form of cash or check is the only payment method accepted. Please visit Licenses and Permits for instructions and application. Please contact us at (952) 361-1212 (Monday-Friday, 8:00 AM-4:30 PM) with questions. Chaska Residents Chaska residents are required to contact the Chaska Police Department for permit needs. Thank you for understanding the need to keep everyone safe! Predatory Offender Information https://youtu.be/mncLQG6R_Ok Please note, this information is also available on the Carver County Sheriff's Office Facebook page. Sheriff Videos / Videos del Sheriff Welcome to Carver County Video Sheriff: Who We Want Video Dispatch: Who We Want Video Reserves: Who We Want Video Sheriff Resources / Recursos del Sheriff Divisions/Units Organizational Chart Report Request Jail Roster Inmate Visitation Foreclosure Sale Information Crime Map Crime Tips Firearm Permits Contact Information Press Releases Victim Services Carver County, MN 600 East 4th Street Chaska, Minnesota 55318 (952) 361-1500 Contact Us Sheriff's Non-Emergency Line (952) 361-1231 Accessibility Bids & RFP E-Notification Job Opportunities Privacy Library Local Taxes Salary Compliance Social Media View Full Site