Clear Creek County Sheriff's Office | Clear Creek County, CO - Official Website Skip to Main Content Alert Stage 1 Fire Restrictions for Clear Creek County Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Page Departments Clear Creek County Sheriff's Office Clear Creek County Sheriff's Office Welcome to the CCSO's Official Website Our goal is to give you relevant information about our services and online support for as many of your needs as possible. Our priority is the safety and well being of our beloved county and its residents, workers, and visitors. We respond around the clock to emergencies and other public safety needs in Clear Creek County. We provide "Public Service First, Public Safety Always." SafeCall SafeCall is a call-in service that provides peace of mind for Clear Creek County residents who live alone or in a remote area, away from family and friends. Residents enroll in the program by calling our non-emergency number at 303-980-7300 (please state you want to enroll in SafeCall). Once enrolled, the resident will call this number each day between 6am - 11am, to "check-in." If we don't hear from the resident, we will call to check on them. If we cannot reach the resident, we will send a deputy or a co-responder to the resident's home to ensure they are okay. SafeCall is a collaborative effort between the Clear Creek Sheriff's Office, Clear Creek EMS, Clear Creek Fire Authority, Department of Health and Human Services, and the Empire and Idaho Springs Police Departments. Submit a Crime Tip If you have tips about criminal activities or information you feel would be useful for apprehension of a suspect, you may call our tip line at 303-670-7567, send an email to crime_tips@clearcreeksheriff.us , or report anonymously online . Certified VIN Inspections Certified VIN Inspections are $50.00. To schedule a VIN Inspection, call our front desk during office hours (Mon - Thurs, 7:30am - 4pm): 303-679-2376. Connect with Us The Sheriff's Office is on the following social media sites: Facebook, Instagram, X, Nextdoor, and YouTube. Our Social Media Terms of Use explains how and why we use social media, and includes rules for public commenting on our social media sites. Ron Thornton Sheriff Search Ticket Payment Center Sheriff's Office Job Opportunities Concealed Handgun Training NEWS Lookout Alerts Emergency Notifications Bonding Information Inmate Custody Status Inmate Visitation Ride-a-long Request Form for requesting a Patrol Ride-a-long Sex Offender Information and Registration Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Initial Online Report Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Annual Report Animal Shelter Commendations & Complaints Form /QuickLinks.aspx Contact Us Sheriff's Office Email Physical Address 405 Argentine Street P.O. Box 2000 Georgetown , CO 80444 For Emergencies: Call 9-1-1 Non-Emergency Dispatch: (303) 980-7300 Front Desk/Records Front Desk Phone: (303) 679-2376 Monday through Thursday 7:30am - 4pm Directory Agendas Notify Me® Projects RoundAbout Maps Motor Vehicle Permits 405 Argentine Street P.O. Box 2000 Georgetown, CO 80444 Phone: 303- 679-2300 Media County Job Opportunities Transparency in Coverage Property Records Information Employee Help Links Notify Me /QuickLinks.aspx CO Access & Employment Rules Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Federal Job Law Posting /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow