Visitation and Inmate Information - Elk County Skip to content Elk County, PA 60 °F Weather from OpenWeatherMap Home Directory General Information Authorities, Boards & Commissions Calendar of Events Community / Economic Development Employment News About Elk County Welcome Elk County Tourism History of Elk County Municipalities Benezette Township City of St. Marys Fox Township Highland Township Horton Township Jay Township Johnsonburg Borough Jones Township Millstone Township Ridgway Borough Ridgway Township Spring Creek Township Oil, Gas & Marcellus Shale Elk County Offices 59th Judicial District ADA Policy Court Calendar Master Court Calendar Court Forms Domestic Relations Fees Forms, Policies, and Procedures Glossary of Child Support Terms Helpful Links Payment Options Financial Records History Jury Questionnaire Jury Service FAQ Language Access Plan Legal Links Local Rules Magisterial District Judges Probation / Parole Auditors Board Of Commissioners America250PA Commissioners Meeting Request Form Elk County Budget Meeting Minutes and Agendas News Children & Youth Services Foster Care CYS Frequently Asked Questions Reporting Abuse Mandated Reporter Resources & Tips Coroner Court Administration District Attorney District Judges Elections & Voter Registration Election Results Elk County Polling Locations Voter Hall of Fame Emergency Services / 911 IT/GIS Current Projects Map & Data Sales Oil, Gas & Marcellus Shale Maintenance Planning Department Act 13 Community Development Block Grant Program Community Wildfire Protection Plan The Comprehensive Plan Fair Housing Hazard Mitigation Plan Meeting Minutes & Agendas Subdivision and Land Development Prison Visitation and Inmate Information Victim Information Prothonotary & Clerk of Courts Contact Information Fee Schedules Information for Attorneys Information for Pro-Se Litigants Private Detective List Pursuant to 'The Private Detective Act of 1953' Public Defender Recycling Center 1998 Governor’s Award for Environmental Excellence Curbside Recycling Programs Demolition Waste Electronics Recycling Fluorescent Lamp and Battery Recycling Hazardous Household Waste Collection Illegal Dumping & PA CleanWays Motor Oil Recycling Oil-based Paint & Pesticide Collection Plastic Recycling Recycling / Solid Waste Office Tire Recycling Unwanted Household Medicines Collection Volunteers Needed White Goods Recycling Register of Wills, Recorder of Deeds, Clerk of Orphans Court Applying for a Marriage License Clerk of the Orphans’ Court e-Recording Fee Schedules & Information Guardianships Pennsylvania REAL-ID Recorder of Deeds Register of Wills Sheriff’s Office About the Sheriff DuBois Vet Center Featured Warrants Helpful Links License To Carry / Protection Permits News From the Sheriff’s Office Sheriff’s Sales (Foreclosure) All Sheriff Sale Properties Women on Target Program® (NRA) Assessment Clean and Green Act Ratio Change Assessment FAQ Tax Claim Bureau Judicial Sale Properties Repository Properties All Repository Sale Properties Upset Sale Properties Treasurer’s Office Forms and Applications Veterans’ Affairs Self Service Links Affiliated Agencies Conservation District Penn State Extension How Do I… ? Home Directory General Information Authorities, Boards & Commissions Calendar of Events Community / Economic Development Employment News About Elk County Welcome Elk County Tourism History of Elk County Municipalities Benezette Township City of St. Marys Fox Township Highland Township Horton Township Jay Township Johnsonburg Borough Jones Township Millstone Township Ridgway Borough Ridgway Township Spring Creek Township Oil, Gas & Marcellus Shale Elk County Offices 59th Judicial District ADA Policy Court Calendar Master Court Calendar Court Forms Domestic Relations Fees Forms, Policies, and Procedures Glossary of Child Support Terms Helpful Links Payment Options Financial Records History Jury Questionnaire Jury Service FAQ Language Access Plan Legal Links Local Rules Magisterial District Judges Probation / Parole Auditors Board Of Commissioners America250PA Commissioners Meeting Request Form Elk County Budget Meeting Minutes and Agendas News Children & Youth Services Foster Care CYS Frequently Asked Questions Reporting Abuse Mandated Reporter Resources & Tips Coroner Court Administration District Attorney District Judges Elections & Voter Registration Election Results Elk County Polling Locations Voter Hall of Fame Emergency Services / 911 IT/GIS Current Projects Map & Data Sales Oil, Gas & Marcellus Shale Maintenance Planning Department Act 13 Community Development Block Grant Program Community Wildfire Protection Plan The Comprehensive Plan Fair Housing Hazard Mitigation Plan Meeting Minutes & Agendas Subdivision and Land Development Prison Visitation and Inmate Information Victim Information Prothonotary & Clerk of Courts Contact Information Fee Schedules Information for Attorneys Information for Pro-Se Litigants Private Detective List Pursuant to 'The Private Detective Act of 1953' Public Defender Recycling Center 1998 Governor’s Award for Environmental Excellence Curbside Recycling Programs Demolition Waste Electronics Recycling Fluorescent Lamp and Battery Recycling Hazardous Household Waste Collection Illegal Dumping & PA CleanWays Motor Oil Recycling Oil-based Paint & Pesticide Collection Plastic Recycling Recycling / Solid Waste Office Tire Recycling Unwanted Household Medicines Collection Volunteers Needed White Goods Recycling Register of Wills, Recorder of Deeds, Clerk of Orphans Court Applying for a Marriage License Clerk of the Orphans’ Court e-Recording Fee Schedules & Information Guardianships Pennsylvania REAL-ID Recorder of Deeds Register of Wills Sheriff’s Office About the Sheriff DuBois Vet Center Featured Warrants Helpful Links License To Carry / Protection Permits News From the Sheriff’s Office Sheriff’s Sales (Foreclosure) All Sheriff Sale Properties Women on Target Program® (NRA) Assessment Clean and Green Act Ratio Change Assessment FAQ Tax Claim Bureau Judicial Sale Properties Repository Properties All Repository Sale Properties Upset Sale Properties Treasurer’s Office Forms and Applications Veterans’ Affairs Self Service Links Affiliated Agencies Conservation District Penn State Extension How Do I… ? Visitation and Inmate Information Home Elk County Offices Elk County Prison Visitation and Inmate Information Visitation Commissary Inmate Monetary Deposits Inmate Mail Inmate Telephone System Visitation Visits are a privilege that may be revoked by jail staff, at any time, for cause. We will not tolerate abuse or foul language. If this occurs, a visitor will be asked to leave the premises. No exceptions will be made, and the Warden will not accept appeals. If you have been incarcerated in the Elk County Prison you will not be permitted to visit unless you are an immediate family member. When visiting the prison, please adhere to the following guidelines which have been established for the security of our institution as well as the safety and well being of staff, inmates, and visitors. No weapons of any kind No tobacco or tobacco products No food Visitors must be eighteen (18) Upon your arrival report to the lobby officer and sign in. Give your name and identification. Lockers are provided for storage of personal items during your visit. Accepted forms of identification are as follows: Valid photo driver’s license Photo identification card issued by the PA Department of Transportation Valid passport with picture identification Valid photo military card Valid photo I.D. accompanied by documentation with proof of age The following dress code must be adhered to by visitors: No halter tops, half shirts, tube tops, “short shorts,” micro-mini skirts, fishnet stockings, see-through blouses, or provocative garments: blouses, shirts, and tops must extend to or beyond the belt line. Jail staff reserve the right to deny anyone visiting privileges because of inappropriate dress. Any violation of the regulations may result in termination of a visit and suspension of future visitation privileges. To visit an inmate, you must first be on his/her visit list. Inmates choose who they want to have on their list. If you would like to visit someone and you are not on his/ her visit list, please write to him/her and provide your full name, address, telephone number, and date of birth (this information is required to be an approved visitor). PLEASE NOTE: ALL VISITS ARE RECORDED AND SUBJECT TO MONITORING AND DIVULGING. Commissary An inmate may order commissary weekly by completing an order form and having the money debited from his/her inmate account. The Commissary offers a variety of items consisting of grooming aids, snacks and personal hygiene items. A list of items offered are posted in each Housing Unit. If an inmate is considered indigent status the Commissary Officer will provide the inmate with an indigent pack including a pencil, writing paper and personal hygiene items. Inmate Monetary Deposits Options for depositing funds on Inmate Accounts: Use website: accesscorrections.com Use a credit card by calling 1-866-345-1884 Money orders (no personal checks) will be accepted by sending to: Elk County Prison – Inmate Accounts, P.O. Box 448, Ridgway, PA 15853 PLEASE NOTE: Some credit card companies may view this transaction as a cash advance and additional fees may apply. Check with your credit card company prior to making this transaction to avoid surprise charges when you receive your credit card statement. Inmate Mail * Effective April 20, 2020 New Address for Inmate Personal Mail: Inmate’s First/Last Name Elk County Prison P.O. Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Website for sending electronic mail: www.TextBehind.com Cash or Money Orders will not be accepted through the mail. Inmate Telephone System A telephone is located in each housing unit for inmates use and is operational during times designated by the Warden. Phone calls are a privilege and can be taken away by a Supervisor. There is a twenty (20) minute time limit on all calls. Inmates are permitted a reasonable amount of outgoing phone calls per day, as long as use of the telephone is not being abused or dominated by an individual or group. Any individual who would like to receive collect calls from an inmate must create an account with ICSolutions. You may contact them at 1-888-506-8407 or by visiting their website at www.icsolutions.com to obtain more information. All phone calls are monitored and recorded. Welcome Quality of Life Directory Education Tourism Healthcare Parks & Rec Wine & Spirits Safety History © 2026 Elk County All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions Website by Red Porch Agency Elk County Courthouse 250 Main Street P.O. Box 448 Ridgway, PA 15853 (814) 776-1161 Monday-Friday 8:30am - 4:00pm Contact Us Courthouse Annex 300 Center Street P.O. Box 448 Ridgway, PA 15853 (814) 776-1161 Monday-Friday 8:30am - 4:00pm Contact Us Helpful Links Office of Open Records How Do I... ? Form Library Employee Hub DISCLAIMER: The Elk County Government is not responsible for, nor do they maintain the external links provided on this site. We are not responsible for the accuracy of the information contained on them. We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Close GDPR Cookie Banner Accept Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Settings