Send an Inmate Mail | Tuolumne County Jail CA FIND A FACILITY City & County Jails State Prisons Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) FIND AN INMATE ABOUT CONTACT Tuolumne County Jail Inmate Mail Home California Tuolumne County Tuolumne County Jail Inmate Mail Inmate Search Visitation Money Commissary Phone Bail Mail Email Court Booking Tablets Search for an Inmate in Tuolumne County Race Black White Hispanic Asian Other Search × FIND INMATES, ARRESTS, WARRANTS & RECORDS FREE SEARCH Mail Information Visits Phone Money Bail Inmate Search Email Tablets Remote Visits Commissary Court Booking Photos Court Process Video Nearby Jails Send an Inmate Mail in the Tuolumne County Jail When mailing a letter or postcard to an inmate, please address your mail as follows: Inmate's Full Name & Inmate ID# Smart Communications - Tuolumne County Jail P.O. BOX 9114 Seminole, FL 33775-9114 All mail sent to an inmate at the Tuolumne County Jail must include the sender's name and mailing address in the top left corner of the envelope or postcard. Failure to include your return address will most likely result in your mail NOT being delivered and your letter destroyed. Always use blue or black ink. Do NOT use felt markers or crayons. Do NOT include drawings, nor should you draw on the envelope or postcard. Do NOT enclose glitter, confetti or anything else in envelope. Do not use lipstick, perfume, colored ink or markers, or crayons. When greeting cards are allowed, they should be plain and not be musical. When books, newspapers and magazines are allowed, they must be new, and only be sent directly from the publisher. Packages, when allowed, must only be sent directly to an inmate from the third-party vendor outlined on our Commissary Page . Inmates have their mail delivered Monday thru Friday. There is no limit on how much mail they can receive. Inmates are allowed to send mail to friends and family, but NOT to co-defendants, other inmates in this or other jails or prisons, and NOT from people they have a 'no contact' order in place from. The Tuolumne County Jail has a zero-tolerance polic y regarding mail violations. Follow these instructions exactly to help ensure that your inmate receives his/her mail and not have it thrown away. Scroll down for a list of Frequently Asked Questions and Answers regarding how to send an inmate mail, or call the Tuolumne County Jail at 209-533-7270 with your questions. Tuolumne County Jail Inmate Mail Service & Policy Tuolumne County Jail uses a secure messaging service call Smart Communications so that inmates can communicate electronically with friends and family members on the outside. SmartMail allows inmates to communicate safely and quickly with family and friends outside of the jail, prison or detention center. Inmates send and receive electronic letters using a safe and secure computer kiosk or tablet stationed in their institution. THE COST IS JUST $0.50 CENTS; cheaper than a postage stamp and envelope. The message can be sent with postage paid and will be free to open and read for the recipient. Or, the message can be sent collect / "COD" for free and will be paid for by the recipient. To send or receive a message you MUST open a SmartJailMail.com account. Once you open an account, you may search for inmates, prisoners, or detainees to connect with. When you locate the inmate that you want to connect with, you can send them a connection request. They will then need to approve the request before you can send messages. Sending messages with SmartMail is just like sending an e-mail, except it is contained within the SmartJailMail web site. Messages can be delivered instantly or may be held for review depending on the destination facility. Electronic messages are delivered much more quickly than traditional paper mail to the correctional facility so you can stay connected. More information on how to send and receive messages and photos with an inmate. TYPE OF MAIL ALLOWED FOR Tuolumne County Jail Tuolumne County Jail Inmate Mail Types Postcards The Tuolumne County Jail allows inmates to receive pre-metered postcards like the type purchased from the post office. They may also allow certain photo postcards as long as they have not been tampered with or contain images that may be considered to be obscene or violent in nature. Envelopes The Tuolumne County Jail also allows regular postcards and envelopes to be mailed to inmates as well. Personal postcards and envelopes MUST be mailed to the following address: Inmate's Full Name & Inmate ID# Smart Communications - Tuolumne County Jail P.O. BOX 9114 Seminole, FL 33775-9114 Legal Mail Legal Mail is mail from Attorneys, law enforcement, the courts, bail companies, etc. Newspapers Local or national newspapers may also be mailed to the inmate as long as they are mailed directly from the newspaper publisher. Magazines News, special interest or sports magazines may also be mailed to an inmate as long as they are shipped directly from the publisher. Any magazines that contain profanity, weapons, pornography or other content that is adult in nature will be confiscated by the jail staff and will NOT be delivered to the inmate. Books The Tuolumne County Jail allows books to be mailed directly to the jail from a reputable source such as Amazon , Barnes & Noble or Books-A-Million . You can order them directly from your computer and have them shipped to the inmate at the address above. Books must NOT contain images or content that are considered excessively violent, pornographic or obscene. Any book that does not meet the Tuolumne County Jail standards will be disposed of. No more than three books may be shipped at any one time. Hard cover books will not be accepted by the jail due to their potential to be used as a weapon. All legal mail, newspapers, magazines and books are to be shipped to: Inmate's Full Name & Inmate ID# Tuolumne County Jail 12915 Justice Center Drive Sonora, CA 95370 Frequently Asked Questions about Inmate Mail What is Inmate mail? What is my inmate’s mailing address? How do I mail a letter to an inmate in the Tuolumne County Jail? How do I address a letter to an inmate? If a letter is withheld from being delivered to an inmate, will they be notified? What can I send to an inmate by mail? Can I send pictures to an inmate? Can I send newspapers, magazines and books to an inmate in the Tuolumne County Jail? How often can I send letters or cards to an inmate? How often can an inmate mail letters? What is considered ‘contraband’ in an inmate’s mail? Can I send printouts from my computer to an inmate? Can I send an inmate a package? Can I send an inmate a gift? If I send something to an inmate that is not allowed, can the inmate or I get in trouble? Can I send an inmate postage stamps? How can an inmate get stamps while in jail or prison? If an inmate has no money, will the Tuolumne County Jail give them stamps? What happens if I send the inmate drugs, a weapon or anything illegal, will I get in trouble? What are some other important mail tips to avoid problems? What is Inmate mail? By law, every inmate is entitled to receive mail delivered through the United State Postal Service. While for years, this mail was always delivered in the form of a letter or a postcard from friends and loved ones directly to the inmate, the definition of inmate mail has changed a bit. Inmate mail can be: • A letter in an envelope, • A postcard, • A greeting card, or • A digital letter Because of security and contraband concerns, mainly the paper and envelope that a letter is written on or enclosed in, being soaked in a liquid form of drugs, many jails are increasingly limiting the type of mail inmates can get. Some still allow regular mail in an envelope with a stamp, but many now have the letter sent to a third-party that opens the letter, scans it and the envelope into a computer, emails the letter to the jail where they print it out, giving the photocopies to the inmate, or they send it to a computer kiosk or tablet digitally that the inmate can access. Others only allow postcards, specifically the white, pre-stamped postcards that you can purchase from the post office. When greeting cards are allowed, they can’t be cards with glitter, music or other do-dads. They can only be plain paper cards. Some jails, in fact most, require that mail be written or typed with only black or blue ink. Some allow black pencils to be used. None allow crayons, markers, lipstick prints, etc. All require white envelopes, white paper or lined paper such as from a pad. Very few allow paper that is card stock. It must be plain white, 20-lb. printer paper. To see the inmate mail policies for Tuolumne County Jail check out the inmate mail details above or call the jail at 209-533-7270 for specific information. What is my inmate’s mailing address? There are five different types of addresses for every jail: 1. The physical address of the jail. 2. The mailing address for an inmate’s personal mail. 3. The mailing address for the inmate’s legal mail. 4. The mailing address for the jail’s administrative staff. 5. The mailing address for sending money to the inmate’s trust or commissary fund. (visit the Inmate Money page for this information) In general, the only three addresses that friends and family of inmates need to be concerned about are: • The inmate address for personal mail. • The address for sending money orders to the inmate’s commissary account. Visit the Inmate Money page for this information. • The physical address of the jail. Because this section is about mailing an inmate, the address for mailing an inmate is: Inmate's Full Name & Inmate ID# Smart Communications - Tuolumne County Jail P.O. BOX 9114 Seminole, FL 33775-9114 How do I mail a letter to an inmate in the Tuolumne County Jail? To mail a letter to an inmate in the Tuolumne County Jail, first completely read all the mail policies and guidelines that are on this page. Also read any updated mail guidelines that are on the official page for the facility. If you still have questions, then call the jail at 209-533-7270 and ask specifics. It is important to understand that if even one thing is done incorrectly when sending a letter to the jail, even if everything else is done correctly, then your letter will not be delivered to the inmate. In fact, even though the jail claims they will mail your letter back to you so that you will know it was not delivered, there is always the chance it will be disposed of. Don't be the loved one sitting at home, wondering why your inmate is not responding to your letter, when in fact they may not have even received it. How do I address a letter to an inmate? All mail to the inmate MUST be addressed as follows: A full return address, which includes your full name and full address. Without this the mail will not be delivered to the inmate. A complete address to the inmate , including: Full Name (name that they were booked under) Inmate ID# (booking #, SO #, etc.) Inmate’s Housing location (if you know it) Tuolumne County Jail Mailing Address City, State, Zip code The Tuolumne County Jail's address for personal mail to an inmate is: Inmate's Full Name & Inmate ID# Smart Communications - Tuolumne County Jail P.O. BOX 9114 Seminole, FL 33775-9114 A letter that is not addressed completely may not get delivered. Keep in mind that often there is more than one inmate in a jail with the same name. You certainly don’t want the wrong inmate getting your private mail, do you? If a letter is withheld from being delivered to an inmate, will they be notified? Sometimes. There are some jails that will deliver you a notification that a letter which was intended for you was returned because it was either improperly addressed, did not have return address, contained contraband of some sort, had things written in it that were against mail and jail policies, or were sent by someone you were not allowed contact with such as co-defendant or someone the court had forbidden contact with such as a spouse in a domestic violence case. Most of the time though, the letter is either returned or destroyed, and if there are illegal substances in the letter, it will be turned over to the Tuolumne County Sheriff or District Attorney for possible criminal investigation and/or indictment. What can I send to an inmate by mail? Generally nothing but a letter, printouts from a computer printer or photographs (not polaroid) can be sent to an inmate in the mail. If there is anything else enclosed, the entire letter and the contents will be returned to you or destroyed. There are a few exceptions to this, such as several county jails in New York, including the infamous Riker’s Island . Riker’s allows all kinds of things to be mailed to an inmate, including a box of random items every month. Can I send pictures to an inmate? Every jail has their own policy regarding allowing inmates to receive photographs in the mail, if at all. For Tuolumne County Jail’s policy, review the information on this page. In general, most jails allow an inmate to have anywhere from four to six photographs in their possession at any one time. These cannot be polaroids, and the photos cannot be construed as even mildly sexual (such as a woman or child in a bathing suit), gang related, drug related or violent. Some jails allow only photocopied photos. Some jails only allow photos that are sent digitally and must remain digital. There are only a few jails that do not allow any photos of any kind. If you are still uncertain as the policy regarding photographs at the Tuolumne County Jail, call the facility at 209-533-7270 . Can I send newspapers, magazines and books to an inmate in the Tuolumne County Jail? Most jails allow newspapers, magazines and books to be sent to an inmate, as long as they come directly from the publisher, such as directly from the newspaper or magazine themselves, or from the specific book publisher or trusted mail order source such as Amazon or Barnes and Noble . There is often a limit of the quantity of books and magazines an inmate can either receive at one time, receive each month, or have in their possession at any one time. Hardcover books, or books with wire spiral binders are never allowed. Any publications that portray or discuss violence, sex, gang activity, drugs, jail escapes or anything else against jail policies are not allowed and will be returned. The 'book and periodical' policy of the Tuolumne County Jail are detailed on this page. However, if it is not, then call the jail at 209-533-7270 and ask. Keep in mind that the address the publications should be mailed to is not always the mailing address of where the inmate gets their regular mail, the mail that is scanned and forwarded digitally to them. The mailing address for sending a publication (and it MUST come directly from the company!) is: Inmate's Full Name & Inmate ID# Tuolumne County Jail 12915 Justice Center Drive Sonora, CA 95370 Exception: There are a few New York jails that allow publications to be sent directly to them as opposed to having it sent through the publisher. One of the most notable exceptions is Riker’s Island in New York City. How often can I send letters or cards to an inmate? There is no limit to how often you can send letters or cards to an inmate. You are only limited to the types of letters and cards that you can send, considering Tuolumne County Jail’s policies, which are outlined on this page. How often can an inmate mail letters? An inmate in the Tuolumne County Jail can mail letters as often as they like. There is no limit to the number of letters that an inmate can write and send. They are only limited by the number of stamps they can afford to purchase through commissary, and the amount of commissary 'spend' that the Tuolumne County Jail allows. What is considered ‘contraband’ in an inmate’s mail? Contraband is defined as anything that the jail does not allow to be mailed to an inmate, which is just about everything. The list would fill ten sets of encyclopedias. It easier to say what is allowed to be sent through the mail: • When allowed, a certain number of photographs ( see above ). • When allowed, newspapers, magazines and books, if they are sent from a publisher. • When allowed, a care package of snacks, hygiene products or clothing from a commissary company that has contracted with the jail. Can I send printouts from my computer to an inmate? Some jails allow printouts of photographs and information to be sent to an inmate through the mail. Refer to the mail policy on this page or by calling the jail directly at 209-533-7270 . Can I send an inmate a package? Many jails contract with companies that send food, hygiene products and/or clothing to inmates. These can be purchased and sent by friends and family on a weekly or monthly basis. You can only send items from the one that your jail has a contract with. Check out the Money Page or the Commissary Page for further information, or call the jail at 209-533-7270 to see which one that the Tuolumne County Jail works with. Here are all of the commissary package companies, in alphabetical order, who provide this service to jails in the United States: Access Securepak Care A Cell Commissary order Correct Pay Express Account icare Inmate Canteen Jail ATM Jail Pack Store (McDaniel Supply) My Care Pack Oasis (jailcanteen) Prodigy Solutions Tiger Union Supply Direct Can I send an inmate a gift? The only gifts you can send an inmate must come from one of the online stores above, and the Tuolumne County Jail must contract with them. Check the commissary page. If I send something to an inmate that is not allowed, can the inmate or I get in trouble? If the item that you send an inmate is illegal, then you and/or your inmate can get in trouble, otherwise if it is not illegal, it will just be destroyed or in some cases, returned to you. Note that if you continue to send items that are considered contraband, some of your communication privileges with your inmate, such as visitation or phone calls, may be suspended. Can I send an inmate postage stamps? No, you cannot send postage stamps. Stamps must be purchased by the inmate through commissary. You can send them the money for stamps, but not the stamps. How can an inmate get stamps while in jail or prison? Stamps can be purchased in the jail commissary by the inmate. If an inmate has no money, will the Tuolumne County Jail give them stamps? Yes. If an inmate is indigent, the jail will provide them 2-3 stamps, and an equal amount of envelopes and stationery, each week. What happens if I send the inmate drugs, a weapon or anything illegal, will I get in trouble? Yes. If you send the inmate drugs, a weapon or anything illegal, it will be turned over to the Tuolumne County Sheriff or District Attorney and it is most likely that you will be prosecuted. What are some other important mail tips to avoid problems? Mail is always scanned and inspected for contraband, obscenity and other rule infractions. Assume that everything you write will be read by jail staff and can and will be used against you or your inmate in court. Never write anything about the inmate's court case you wouldn't want read aloud in court. Mail is considered by the jail to be a privilege. Any violations of the mail policies can result in the inmate's mail privileges being suspended. The introduction of contraband by you into the jail through the mail could result in criminal charges being filed against both you and the inmate. Emailing an Inmate in Tuolumne County Jail Tuolumne County Jail uses a secure messaging service call Smart Communications so that inmates can communicate electronically with friends and family members on the outside. SmartMail allows inmates to communicate safely and quickly with family and friends outside of the jail, prison or detention center. Inmates send and receive electronic letters using a safe and secure computer kiosk or tablet stationed in their institution. THE COST IS JUST $0.50 CENTS; cheaper than a postage stamp and envelope. The message can be sent with postage paid and will be free to open and read for the recipient. Or, the message can be sent collect / "COD" for free and will be paid for by the recipient. To send or receive a message you MUST open a SmartJailMail.com account. Once you open an account, you may search for inmates, prisoners, or detainees to connect with. When you locate the inmate that you want to connect with, you can send them a connection request. They will then need to approve the request before you can send messages. Sending messages with SmartMail is just like sending an e-mail, except it is contained within the SmartJailMail web site. Messages can be delivered instantly or may be held for review depending on the destination facility. Electronic messages are delivered much more quickly than traditional paper mail to the correctional facility so you can stay connected. More information on how to send and receive messages and photos with an inmate. Photos of this facility 1 / 1 Search for an Inmate in Tuolumne County Race Black White Hispanic Asian Other Search × FIND INMATES, ARRESTS, WARRANTS & RECORDS FREE SEARCH Tuolumne County Jail Contact Information Sheriff & Custody Division Contact Information Tuolumne County Jail © 2026 Jail Exchange | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service