Jail Bureau | Monroe County Sheriff Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Allow cookies Decline SHERIFF'S INITIATIVE FOR PUBLIC SAFETY (SIPS) Explore SIPS (585) 753-4178 Reports Victims Assistance Resources MCSO Zones Community Calendar Jail Bureau Mission Statement The Monroe County Sheriff's Office Jail Bureau currently operates a 1,217 bed-holding facility for pre-trial and sentenced incarcerated individuals. The jail staff strive to provide a safe and secure environment for all those who work in and visit the jail, and are supported by numerous community partners to facilitate incarcerated individual programming and re-entry services. The Monroe County Jail 130 Plymouth Ave. South Rochester, NY 14614 Administration: 585-753-4300 Visiting: 585-753-4000 Incarcerated Individual Info: 585-753-4300 Fax: 585-753-4051 Andrew P. Meloni: STAR Academy 750 East Henrietta Road Rochester, New York 14623 Effective 9/3/21, in an effort to protect the safety and security of the individuals housed in and the staff members working in the Monroe County Jail, any photographs received through the incarcerated individual mail system will be photocopied. The photocopies will be provided to the incarcerated individual and the originals will be stored in the incarcerated individual's property. If friends and family members wish to send photographs to incarcerated individuals at the Monroe County Jail through one of the following third party vendors - Free prints, Walmart, Inmate Photos, or Shutterfly - the photograph will be delivered to the incarcerated individual and not require photocopying. The photographs will be delivered to the incarcerated individual Property room, inspected by the Property deputy and distributed by the Property room staff. https://www.inmatephotos.com/ Jail Programs The Monroe County Jail and MSA conduct numerous rehabilitation, educational, and treatment programs for locally sentenced incarcerated individuals and detainees. View Program Details Incarcerated Individual Roster & Census The incarcerated individual roster and census are updated daily, Monday through Friday. Incarcerated Individual Property Incarcerated Individual Roster Incarcerated Individual Census Received Report Released Report Monroe County Jail Visit Schedule Monday through Friday 8:15 a.m. 9:15 a.m. 10:15 a.m. 11:15 a.m. 1:15 p.m. 2:15 p.m. Professional Visits The visiting area is open from 8:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and 1:15 p.m. to 3:45 p.m. – Monday through Friday. Please contact Jail visits at 585-753-4000 to conduct a professional visit. Social Visitation: Each incarcerated individual housed at the Monroe County Jail and Andrew P. Meloni: STAR Academy at the Monroe Correctional Facility is permitted two one-hour visits each week by appointment or walk-in. Jail Clearance Application Procedure Request Visitation Online: Monroe County Jail visits may be scheduled in person or by calling 585-753-4000 beginning at 8:15 a.m. until all appointments are filled. Visits must be scheduled one week in advance. Visits will be scheduled on Monday for the following Monday, Tuesday for the following Tuesday, Wednesday for the following Wednesday, Thursday for the following Thursday, and Friday for the following Friday. Incarcerated individuals who have Trustee Status are allowed to request a permanent visit time which will automatically be scheduled each week once they are approved. Permanent visit times are granted based on the availability of space and the incarcerated individual's status. All visitors must arrive at least 30 minutes prior to their scheduled visit time. Walk-in visitors may request a visit during normal business hours (8:30a a.m. - 2:15 p.m.). The visit may be granted depending on timeliness, availability, safety and security of the visitor and the incarcerated individual, alike. We highly encourage visitors to schedule the visit in advance using the website, phone number, or in-person at the appointment window in Visits to ensure he/she receives a visit. You must have a valid government issued photographic identification to enter the visiting area such as a NYS Driver's License, Non Driver I.D. card, or Benefit Card. Attire deemed appropriate by visitation staff must be worn. Schedule A Visit Visitation Permission Form for Minors Under the Age of 18 Video visitations can be scheduled online by visiting: securustech.net Visitation FAQ Specialized Units: Specialized Response Team (SRT) Jail Intelligence Unit Jail Technician Program Jail Records Jail Property Jail Transport Unit Jail Maintenance Jail Visitation Jail K9 Staff Services Bureau (Recruitment, Background Unit, Training Unit) Drone Response Team Sending Money to an Incarcerated Individual Access Corrections offers many convenient methods to send money to your loved one including the internet / mobile app, toll free by phone and at the lobby kiosks located at both the Monroe County Jail and Andrew P. Meloni: STAR Academy (MCF). Internet / Mobile App Click below to send money online through Access Corrections. The mobile app is available in both the Apple Store and Google Play. Access Corrections accepts Visa and Mastercard credit / debit cards. SEND MONEY ONLINE Phone Bilingual (Spanish and English) agents are available 24 /7 by calling toll free 1-866-345-1884 . You can also choose to use the IVR system. Access Corrections accepts Visa and Mastercard credit / debit cards. CALL 1-866-345-1884 Kiosk Deposit money to your loved one using cash or your Visa or Mastercard credit / debit card. Kiosks are located in the jail visits lobby and jail property lobby. SEE OUR LOCATION The Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (PREA) The United States Department of Justice adopted the National PREA Standards to Prevent, Detect, and Respond to sexual abuse and sexual harassment in juvenile detention, prisons and/or jails, lockups, and community confinement facilities. On June 20, 2012, the Department of Justice officially published the finale PREA standards for the four types of facilities: Juvenile Detention, Prisons and/or Jails, Lockups, and Community Confinement Facilities. CLICK HERE to read the final standards and the Justice Department commentary [PDF] . The Monroe County Sheriff's Office has actively been implementing the PREA standards through policy, education, and good working strategies with the goal of preventing sexual abuse and/or sexual harassment in its facilities. The Monroe County Sheriff's Office has zero tolerance toward all forms of sexual abuse and sexual harassment involving any employee, volunteer, contractor, or incarcerated individual. All reports of sexual abuse, sexual harassment, and any possible retaliation for reporting sexual abuse or sexual harassment will be thoroughly and objectively investigated to completion. Third-party reporting of sexual abuse and sexual harassment can be made 24 hours a day to the Monroe County Jail Administration Office at (585) 753-4178 . A delay in reporting an incident will place the safety of any incarcerated individual in jeopardy and make the investigation of the incident far more difficult. Monroe County Sheriff's Office 130 S. Plymouth Ave Rochester, NY 14614 (585) 753-4178 2024, Copyright Monroe County Sheriff Privacy Policy / Terms of Use / Sitemap Contact Us Call Us