Sheriff's Office | Henry County, VA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office I take great pride in my 23 years at the Henry County Sheriff's Office and now serving as your Sheriff. Our office appreciates all the valued support we receive from the citizens of this great community. The Henry County Sheriff's Office is committed to the highest standards of professionalism and service on behalf of the community we serve. The Sheriff's Office is dedicated to providing effective law enforcement services to the residents and businesses in Henry County. Law Enforcement and the citizens we protect must work together to create a county we proudly call home. We hope you will find this website informative and a great tool for finding answers to many of your questions. We will continue to update the site with new information and features to better serve you. Thank you for your support, Wayne Davis, Sheriff Our Mission: To effectively perform all lawful duties professionally and reliably to ensure the safety of the citizens of the County of Henry. The Henry County Sheriff's Office is committed to enforcing the laws of the United States of America, the Commonwealth of Virginia, and the County of Henry. A community-oriented policing philosophy enables the community to unite in a partnership to achieve the common goal of enhancing the quality of life in Henry County. Contact Us Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 3250 Kings Mountain Road Martinsville , VA 24112 3250 Kings Mountain Road Martinsville VA 24112 Directions Phone: 276-656-4200 Fax: 276-656-4260 Directory Inmate Mail Policy Change (PDF) Parks & Recreation Public Service Authority Agendas & Minutes Budget / Audit Mailing Address P.O. Box 7 Collinsville, VA 24078 Phone: 276-634-4600 Physical Address 3300 Kings Mountain Road Martinsville, VA 24112 Phone: 276-634-4600 Department of Elections Department of Elections Contact Page Voter Forms Vote with Confidence /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow