Pueblo County Sheriff, CO | Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Inmate Lookup Inmate Cash Account Concealed Gun Permits jail web services accountability reports FAQs Sheriff News Stay up to date Lieutenant Rude Graduates from Prestigious FBI National Academy June 24, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Patrol Lieutenant Josh Rude has joined an elite group of law enforcement officers after recently completing th... Lieutenant Rude Graduates from Prestigious FBI Nat Sheriff Lucero Announces Four Promotions June 24, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff David J. Lucero announced the promotions this week of four employees. Bethany Solano and Dante Guadagnoli were p... Sheriff Lucero Announces Four Promotions Woman Arrested for Menacing Following Hours-Long Standoff June 13, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 46-year-old woman on Friday for felony menacing following an hours-long standoff at her Pu... Woman Arrested for Menacing Following Hours-Long S Man Sentenced to 26 Years DOC in 2025 Carjacking, Kidnapping Incident June 12, 2026 - Shane McSwane, 29, was sentenced today to 26 years in the Colorado Department of Corrections for his role in the May 2025 carjacking a... Man Sentenced to 26 Years DOC in 2025 Carjacking, Man Arrested for Child Sex Assault June 10, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Detectives arrested a 55-year-old man on felony charges related to a child sexual assault case. Man Arrested for Child Sex Assault Sheriff Lucero Names First Female Undersheriff in Pueblo County May 29, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff David J. Lucero announced today the appointment of Shelley Bryant as the new Undersheriff, making her the first f... Sheriff Lucero Names First Female Undersheriff in Former Sheriff’s Sergeant Pleads Guilty to Felony Charge, Sentenced to Probation May 22, 2026 - Jason Hanratty, a former Pueblo County Sheriff’s Sergeant and vice president of the sheriff’s employees’ labor union, was sentenced to ... Former Sheriff’s Sergeant Pleads Guilty to Felony Sheriff Lucero Issues Statement on Division of Labor Decision on Unfair Labor Practice Complaint May 21, 2026 - Here is a statement from Pueblo County Sheriff David J. Lucero regarding the decision from the Colorado Department of Labor and Employm... Sheriff Lucero Issues Statement on Division of Lab Traffic Stop Leads to Arrest; Search of Pueblo West Home Where Drugs, Guns and Money Are Seized May 20, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Special Investigations detectives arrested a 53-year-old man today and seized guns, drugs and money from a Pueb... Traffic Stop Leads to Arrest; Search of Pueblo Wes Two Rye High Students Awarded Scholarships by Sheriff Lucero May 19, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff David J. Lucero awarded Rye seniors Zoriya Tillery and Michael Amaya with the County Sheriffs of Colorado Scholar... Two Rye High Students Awarded Scholarships by Sher Traffic Stop Leads to Arrest After Deputies Find Fentanyl May 15, 2026 - A traffic stop early Thursday morning led to the arrest of a 33-year-old Pueblo man and the seizure of nearly 168 grams of Fentanyl and... Traffic Stop Leads to Arrest After Deputies Find F Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Holds Ribbon Cutting of New State-of-the-Art Detention Center May 7, 2026 -The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office hosted a ribbon-cutting today of its new state-of-the art detention center, marking a milestone in the... Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Holds Ribbon Cuttin Residents Urged to Reduce Fire Risk by Doing Home and Yard Prep April 15, 2026 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office reminds residents that as vegetation is starting to green, it’s a good time to do fire mitigation ... Residents Urged to Reduce Fire Risk by Doing Home Sheriff’s Office Investigating In-Custody Death April 9, 2026 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is investigating the in-custody death of a 52-year-old female inmate this afternoon. Sheriff’s Office Investigating In-Custody Death Deputies Arrest Three in Separate Incidents; Recover Drugs and Guns April 1, 2026 - Pueblo County sheriff’s deputies arrested three people in three unrelated incidents in the Blende area early Tuesday morning and recov... Deputies Arrest Three in Separate Incidents; Recov Woman Arrested in Oklahoma for Felony Crimes Against At-Risk Person March 26, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s detectives assigned to the U.S. Marshals Task Force worked with law enforcement in Norman, Okla., to arrest a... Woman Arrested in Oklahoma for Felony Crimes Again Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Avondale March 24, 2026 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office has received notification that Christopher Aaron Master, 59, who is deemed a sexually violent pred... Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Avondale Sheriff’s Office Investigates Inmate Death March 17, 2026 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is investigating the in-custody death of a 59-year-old male inmate on Monday afternoon. Sheriff’s Office Investigates Inmate Death ICAC Detectives Arrest Pueblo West Man on Indiana Warrant for Felony Child Solicitation March 16, 2026 - An 18-year-old Pueblo West man was arrested on March 13 by Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) det... ICAC Detectives Arrest Pueblo West Man on Indiana Former Deputy Arrested for Sexual Assault and Child Sexual Abuse Material In late December 2025, the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office received a report alleging a sheriff’s deputy sexually assaulted a child. Upon receiving the... Read on... Four Arrested in Burglary of Former School Building in Boone January 20, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested four men last week after deputies interrupted a burglary in progress at a former school i... Four Arrested in Burglary of Former School Man Arrested for Breaking into Pueblo West Library, Causing Extensive Damage January 18, 2026 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 21-year-old man this morning on felony charges after discovering he broke into the Pueb... Man Arrested for Breaking into Pueblo West Library Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Pueblo West January 13, 2026 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office has received notification that Jason Allen Fay, 39, who is deemed a sexually violent predator, i... Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Pueblo West Two People Killed in Explosion in Rural Eastern Pueblo County January 9, 2026 - Two people were killed in an explosion at a house in rural Eastern Pueblo County on Thursday afternoon. Two People Killed in Explosion in Rural Eastern Pu Detectives Arrest California Man for Homicide After Body Found in South Pueblo County December 5, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s detectives arrested a 47-year-old California man in connection with the death of a woman whose body was fou... Detectives Arrest California Man for Homicide Afte Deputies Arrest Three Individuals Found in Parked Vehicles at Local Businesses December 3, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested three individuals in two separate, unrelated incidents this morning after finding them as... Deputies Arrest Three Individuals Found in Parked Deputies Make Arrests in Drive-By Shooting Spree in Pueblo West December 1, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested an 18-year-old man on 22 counts of attempted first-degree murder related to at least four... Deputies Make Arrests in Drive-By Shooting Spree i Detectives Arrest Man in Pueblo West Homicide November 25, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Detectives obtained an arrest warrant Monday for a 38-year-old man in the November 18 homicide in Pueblo W... Detectives Arrest Man in Pueblo West Homicide Detectives Investigating Homicide in Pueblo West November 19, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff detectives are investigating a homicide that occurred late Tuesday night at a home in Pueblo West. Detectives Investigating Homicide in Pueblo West UPDATE: Suspect in Officer-Involved Shooting Identified November 5, 2025 - The name of the suspect involved in the officer-involved shooting in Pueblo West has been released as the 10th Judicial Critical In... UPDATE: Suspect in Officer-Involved Shooting Ident 10th Judicial Critical Incident Response Team Investigating Officer-Involved Shooting November 4, 2025 - The 10th Judicial Critical Incident Response Team, led by the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office, has been activated in response to an ... 10th Judicial Critical Incident Response Team Inve Man Arrested After Menacing Woman with Shotgun October 28, 2025 -The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office, with assistance from the U.S. Marshals, arrested a 45-year-old man on Monday in connection with ... Man Arrested After Menacing Woman with Shotgun Detectives Investigating Suspicious Death October 15, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s detectives are investigating a suspicious death after a woman’s body was found Wednesday in a structure in ... Detectives Investigating Suspicious Death Deputies Arrest Pueblo Man on Felony Drug Charges October 15, 2025 - A 41-year-old Pueblo man found sleeping in his vehicle on a street in the Salt Creek neighborhood early Saturday (October 11) was a... Deputies Arrest Pueblo Man on Felony Drug Charges Sheriff’s Detectives Help Capture Two Juvenile Escapees in Pueblo October 8, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office, part of the U.S. Marshals Task Force, working with the other Task Force officers from the surrou... Sheriff’s Detectives Help Capture Two Juvenile Esc Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Pueblo West October 7, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office has received notification that Guillermo Gomez, 75, who is deemed a sexually violent predator, is... Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Pueblo West Deputies' Quick Response Leads to Arrest of Two for Burglary October 1, 2025 - Rapid response by Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies to a burglary in progress call early this morning at an RV camping lot just east ... Deputies' Quick Response Leads to Arrest of Two fo Three Arrested After Drugs, Gun and Explosives Found in Vehicle September 29, 2025 -Three people were arrested early Sunday morning after Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies found drugs, a gun, and a live explosive de... Three Arrested After Drugs, Gun and Explosives Fou Detectives Arrest Man for Felony Exploitation of Children September 24, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s detectives arrested a 43-year-old Pueblo man Tuesday for felony sexual exploitation of children after fin... Detectives Arrest Man for Felony Exploitation of C Fictitious Vehicle Registration Leads to Arrest of Two for Drug Possession September 22, 2025 - An alert Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputy who contacted a man and woman after finding fictitious license plates on their vehicle, e... Fictitious Vehicle Registration Leads to Arrest of Denver Man Arrested for Sex Assault After Meeting Up with Underage Girl September 22, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 30-year-old Denver man early this morning for sexual assault after he met up and enga... Denver Man Arrested for Sex Assault After Meeting Active Shooter Exercise Scheduled for Dennis Maes Judicial Building September 15, 2025 - The Pueblo County 10th Judicial District Court, 10th Judicial District Probation, Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office, and other First... Active Shooter Exercise Scheduled for Dennis Maes Judicial Staff, Sheriff's Deputies Test Response to Active Shooter During Drill September 18, 2025 - The staff of the 10th Judicial District Court and Probation and Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies tested their response today to a... Judicial Staff, Sheriff's Deputies Test Response t Thornton Man Arrested for Sex Assault on Child September 11, 2025 - A 29-year-old Thornton man wanted on a Pueblo County warrant for several felony charges related to a child sex assault case was ... Thornton Man Arrested for Sex Assault on Child Two Arrested in Burglary in Southwest Pueblo County September 10, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested two adults and are forwarding charges on two juveniles in connection with a burglary in... Two Arrested in Burglary in Southwest Women Cited for Prostitution Following Undercover Operations at Massage Parlors July 30, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s detectives cited two women for prostitution following undercover operations conducted Tuesday at two separate ... Women Cited for Prostitution Following Undercover Sheriff Lucero Announces New Pay Plan and Incentive for Employees July 3, 2025 -The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is implementing a new pay structure that will bring the salaries of communication officers and patrol... Sheriff Lucero Announces New Pay Plan and Incentiv Sheriff’s Office Awarded Third Triple Crown Accreditation Award July 3, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office has joined an elite group of Sheriff’s Offices in the country after earning a third Triple Crown awa... Sheriff’s Office Awarded Third Triple Crown Accred Pueblo Police and Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Conduct Illegal Fireworks Seizure July 2, 2015 - Just before the July 4th holiday, detectives from Pueblo Police Department and Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office carried out a joint opera... Pueblo Police and Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office C New Law Requires Those Seeking Concealed Handgun Permit to Take Training July 1, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is reminding those who will be seeking a new or renewing a concealed carry permit that you will be r... New Law Requires Those Seeking Concealed Handgu Former Sheriff’s Sergeant Arrested Following Independent Investigation June 30, 2025 - A former Pueblo County Sheriff’s Sergeant was arrested today on a warrant issued by a Pueblo County District Court Judge stemming from... Former Sheriff’s Sergeant Arrested Following Indep Man Arrested for Drug Charges Following Traffic Stop in Pueblo West June 30, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office arrested a 63-year-old man on felony drug charges following a traffic stop Sunday night in Pueblo W... Man Arrested for Drug Charges Following Traffic St Detectives Identify Man Found Dead in Field Nearly 25 Years Ago Pueblo, CO: After nearly 25 years and countless hours of investigative work, Pueblo County Sheriff’s detectives have identified the remains of a man w... Detectives Identify Man Found Dead in Field Nearly Critical Incident Response Team Investigating Officer-Involved Shooting June 25, 2025 - The 10th Judicial Critical Incident Response team has been activated to investigate an officer-involved shooting late Tuesday night in... Critical Incident Response Team Investigating Offi Sheriff’s Office Investigating Inmate Death June 24, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is investigating the circumstances surrounding the death today of a 32-year-old woman who was in cu... Sheriff’s Office Investigating Inmate Death Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Graduates Seven from Command College June 16, 2025 - Seven Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies graduated Friday, June 13 from the elite National Command & Staff College’s Command and St... Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Graduates Seven fro Deputies Arrest Man in Burglary of Pueblo West Home June 9, 2025 - A 52-year-old man who claimed he was hired to move items from a Pueblo West home was arrested for burglary on Sunday after he was caugh... Deputies Arrest Man in Burglary of Pueblo West Hom One Arrested Following Assault at Runyon Field June 9, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a man on felony assault charges following a fight Sunday evening at Runyon Field Sports Compl... One Arrested Following Assault at Runyon Field Convicted Felon Arrested After Stealing Gun from Roommate Pueblo, Co. - A 39-year-old convicted felon was arrested Tuesday by Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies after stealing a gun, which he was prohibited fro... Convicted Felon Arrested After Stealing Gun from R Six Hikers Rescued from Greenhorn Mountain After a Nearly 25-Hour Search May 31, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Emergency Services Division’s volunteer Search & Rescue team, aided by state and local agencies,... Six Hikers Rescued from Greenhorn Mountain After a Traffic Stop Leads to Seizure of Guns and Assortment of Drugs May 30, 2025- Pueblo County Sheriff’s Special Investigations and Narcotics Detectives recently conducted a traffic stop of a vehicle believed to be in... Traffic Stop Leads to Seizure of Guns and Assortme Special Investigations Operation Nets Drugs; Leads to Several Arrests May 29, 2025 - A Special Investigations Operation recently conducted by the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office resulted in the seizure of drugs and severa... Special Investigations Operation Nets Drugs; Leads Sheriff Lucero Awards Two Students with Scholarships May 29, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff David J. Lucero awarded two local high school seniors with the 2025 County Sheriffs of Colorado Scholarship. Pueb... Sheriff Lucero Awards Two Students with Scholarshi Sheriff’s Deputies Arrest Man in Kidnapping of Aurora Woman May 27, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 28-year-old Fort Collins man early Monday morning in connection with a carjacking and kidna... Sheriff’s Deputies Arrest Man in Kidnapping of Aur Pueblo West Man Arrested After Threatening to Shoot at Deputies May 19, 2025 - After hours of intense moments and impassioned negotiations, Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 50-year-old man who had threat... Pueblo West Man Arrested After Threatening to Shoo Deputies Arrest Man for Felony Assault in Domestic Violence Incident April 28, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputies arrested a 36-year-old man for felony assault in connection with a domestic violence incident involv... Deputies Arrest Man for Felony Assault in Domestic Inmate Trustee Escapes from Pueblo County Jail, Quickly Apprehended April 25, 2025 - A low-risk inmate at the Pueblo County Jail was quickly apprehended Thursday night after he ran from the facility while working as a ... Inmate Trustee Escapes from Pueblo County Jail, Qu Sheriff’s Office, FBI Investigating Threat That Led to Closure of D70 Schools April 21, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is working with the FBI and Pueblo School District 70 to investigate what is believed to be a swat... Sheriff’s Office, FBI Investigating Threat That Le ACOVA Collecting Cell Phones, Electronic Devices to Benefit Crime Victims April 7, 2025 - ACOVA (A Community Organization for Victim Assistance) wants to help you get rid of unused cellphones and certain other electronic dev... ACOVA Collecting Cell Phones, Electronic Devices t Detectives Assist with Arrest of Man Wanted by Trinidad PD April 3, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Special Investigations and Narcotics detectives working with the U.S. Marshals Violent Task Force arrested a 3... Detectives Assist with Arrest of Man Wanted by Tri Deputies Arrest Man Wanted on Parole Violation to Include 2nd Degree Homicide March 31, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 32-year-old man wanted by the Colorado Department of Corrections on a parole violation fo... Deputies Arrest Man Wanted on Parole Violation to Woman Arrested in Mother’s Death March 21, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 47-year-old woman Friday on a felony warrant in connection with the death of her elderly ... Woman Arrested in Mother’s Death Woman Arrested for Child Abuse March 21, 2025 - A Pueblo County Sheriff’s School Resource Officer arrested a 36-year-old woman Thursday for child abuse in an incident involving her ... Woman Arrested for Child Abuse Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Assists Pueblo Police in Officer-Involved Shooting March 19, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office has placed four deputies on paid administrative leave per department policy in connection with the... Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Assists Pueblo Poli Pueblo West Man Arrested for Child Abuse March 11, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s School Resource Officers arrested a 35-year-old man Monday for child abuse in an incident involving his child... Pueblo West Man Arrested for Child Abuse Two Arrested in Child Abuse Case March 6, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s detectives arrested a Pueblo West couple today each on a warrant for child abuse in connection with a case inv... Two Arrested in Child Abuse Case Sheriff’s Office Unveils New License Plate Reader March 5, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies have a new tool to aid them in searching for stolen vehicles, stolen license plates, missing persons ... Sheriff’s Office Unveils New License Plate Reader Former Detention Deputy Sentenced for Inappropriate Contact with Inmate February 20, 2025 - A former Pueblo County Sheriff’s detention deputy was sentenced today to four years of probation and must register as a sexual off... Former Detention Deputy Sentenced for Inappropriat Arrest Made in Deadly Shooting in Colorado City January 24, 2025 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested a 22-year-old man in a deadly shooting Thursday night in Colorado City. Arrest Made in Deadly Shooting in Colorado City Sheriff Lucero Issues Statement on Agency’s Cooperation with ICE January 23, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff David J. Lucero issued a statement regarding the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office cooperation with Immigration... Sheriff Lucero Issues Statement on Agency’s Cooper Man Arrested for Sexual Assault on Children, Dogs January 23, 2025 - A 20-year-old Pueblo man was arrested Wednesday by Pueblo County Sheriff’s Detectives on a no-bond warrant in connection with the s... Man Arrested for Sexual Assault on Children, Dogs Deputies Assist Pueblo West Fire in Rescuing Woman from Frozen Pond January 22, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies assisted Pueblo West fire Tuesday in rescuing a 63-year-old woman who fell through the ice at a Pu... Deputies Assist Pueblo West Fire in Rescuing Woman Man Sentenced to Probation in Child Sexual Exploitation Case January 17, 2025 - A Pueblo man was sentenced Thursday to four years of probation following a plea deal in connection with a sexual exploitation of a ... Man Sentenced to Probation in Child Sexual Exploit Pueblo Man Sentenced in 2022 Assault January 17, 2025 - A 39-year-old Pueblo man was sentenced to 10 years in the Colorado Department of Corrections for his role in a 2022 assault that i... Man Sentenced in 2022 Assault Power Outage Causes Minimal Disruption at Pueblo County Jail January 8, 2025 - A power outage Tuesday evening in Downtown Pueblo caused minimal disruption to operations at the Pueblo County Jail. The building’s ... Power Outage Causes Minimal Disruption at Pueblo C Two Arrested on Warrants After Stolen Vehicle Tracked to Home in the City December 23, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested two people after tracking down a vehicle stolen from a Pueblo West home late Sunday nigh... Two Arrested on Warrants After Stolen Vehicle Trac Deputies Arrested Third Wanted Parolee in A Week December 23, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputies arrested another wanted parolee early Sunday morning, the third such arrest made by deputies in a... Deputies Arrested Third Wanted Parolee in A Week Deputies Arrest Parolee Wanted on a DOC Warrant December 21, 2024 - For a second time in two days, Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputies arrested a parolee wanted on a Colorado Department of Corrections ... Deputies Arrest Parolee Wanted on a DOC Warrant Scammers Impersonating Sheriff’s Deputies Seeking Payment for Warrants December 16, 2024 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is warning residents of a telephone scam where callers representing themselves as sheriff’s dep... Scammers Impersonating Sheriff’s Deputies Seeking Wanted Parolee Arrested After Deputy Stops to Assist with Stalled Vehicle December 16, 2024 - A Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputy who stopped to assist with a stalled vehicle ended up, after a brief foot chase, arresting the 36... Wanted Parolee Arrested After Deputy Stops to Assi Man Arrested in Child Sexual Exploitation Case ?December 13, 2024 - A nearly two-year investigation by the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Detectives has led to the arrest of a 24-year-old man on charges o... Man Arrested in Child Sexual Exploitation Case K9 Assists with Locating Two Men in Auto Salvage Yard Burglary December 13, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputies, with help from K9 Zeus, located and arrested two men for burglarizing a Pueblo County auto salva... K9 Assists with Locating Two Men in Auto Salvage Y Two Men Arrested Attempting to Sell Stolen Tools December 12, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Special Investigation Detectives arrested two Pueblo men Wednesday as they were attempting to sell stolen ... Two Men Arrested Attempting to Sell Stolen Tools Man Sentenced to Jail, 4-Years Probation for 2019 Sex Assault of a Minor December 6, 2024 - A 24-year-old man pled guilty to a 2019 sexual assault and was sentenced today to 90 days in the Pueblo County Jail and 4 years of ... Man Sentenced to Jail, 4-Years Probation for 20 Sheriff’s Office Investigating Death at Pueblo West Home December 2, 2024 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is investigating the death of a woman found unresponsive in a Pueblo West home Sunday morning. ... Sheriff’s Office Investigating Death at Pueblo Wes PCSO K9s Earn National Re-Certification November 27, 2024 - The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office proudly announces that all four K9 and their handlers were recently awarded nationally recogniz... PCSO K9s Earn National Re-Certification Pueblo West Man Receives Indeterminate Life Sentence for Sex Assault of Child November 26, 2024 - A 77-year-old Pueblo West man was sentenced today to a minimum sentence of 10 years to life in the Department of Corrections for t... Pueblo West Man Receives Indeterminate Life Senten Sheriff Activating Emergency Operations Center to Monitor Ballot Drop Boxes November 4, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff David J. Lucero is activating the Pueblo County Emergency Operations Center today through at least Tuesday ni... Sheriff Activating Emergency Operations Center to Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Lombard Village Neighborhood November 1, 2024 -The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office has been notified by the Colorado Bureau of Investigation Sex Offender Registration Unit that Joh... Sexually Violent Predator Residing in Lombard Vill Deputies Arrest Man Burglarizing Salt Creek Home October 25, 2024 - The quick response by Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies to a homeowner’s call of a burglary in-progress at his Salt Creek home led t... Deputies Arrest Man Burglarizing Salt Creek Home Detectives Arrest Denver Man in Vandalism at District Attorney’s Building October 22, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Special Investigations Detectives arrested a 23-year-old man today in connection with the vandalism ... Detectives Arrest Denver Man in Vandalism at Distr Man Sentenced in Pueblo West Triple Fatal Accident October 21, 2024 - A 33-year-old man was sentenced today to 54 years in the Colorado Department of Corrections after he pled guilty to three counts of... Man Sentenced in Pueblo West Triple Fatal Accident Man Arrested for Selling Marijuana to Middle School Students October 18, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Special Investigations Narcotics Detectives arrested a 24-year-old Pueblo man Thursday afternoon on several... Man Arrested for Selling Marijuana to Middle Schoo Sheriff’s Sergeant Graduates from Prestigious National Command & Staff College October 17, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff Sgt. Brian Ziolkowski graduated on October 11 from the elite National Command & Staff College’s Command a... Sheriff’s Sergeant Graduates from Prestigious Nati Pueblo Man Arrested for Attempted Murder October 8, 2024 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputies arrested a 33-year-old Pueblo man early Sunday morning (October 6), on an attempted second-degree m... Pueblo Man Arrested for Attempted Murder Man Who Shot at Police Sentenced to 96 years in DOC September 6, 2024 - A Pueblo man who was found guilty in July of shooting at several Pueblo Police officers responding to a 2021 menacing call was sen... Man Who Shot at Police Sentenced to 96 years in DO Man Arrested for Assaulting Three Deputies September 4, 2024 - A 25-year-old Pueblo West man was arrested on several charges including felony assault on a peace officer after he assaulted three... Read on... Active Shooter Drill Tests Staff, Deputies Response at Dennis Maes Judicial Building August 30, 2024 - The staff of the 10th Judicial District Court and Probation and Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputies tested their response today to an a... Drill Tests Staff, Deputies Response at Dennis Mae Deputies Arrest Man in Motor Vehicle Theft August 19, 2024 - Utilizing GPS and solid police work, Pueblo County Sheriff’s Deputies arrested a 35-year-old man Thursday for motor vehicle theft af... Deputies Arrest Man in Motor Vehicle Theft Felony arrest made Pueblo, CO: On Thursday, August 15, 2024, Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office Special Investigations Detectives attempted to arrest John Moorman (DOB 11/2... Read on... Indecent Exposure arrest Pueblo, CO: On August 13, 2024, Luke Sisson was arrested on Indecent Exposure and Trespassing after numerous reports have been made about a suspiciou... Read on... Collective Bargaining Pueblo, CO: On July 8, 2024, the Colorado Department of Labor and Employment’s Division of Labor Standards and Statistics (“Division”) issued its ini... Read on... Deputies in the jail assaulted by inmate August 12, 2024, Pueblo, CO: On Saturday, August 10, 2024, morning two graveyard deputies were assaulted by inmate, James Gilbert (DOB 12/12/1981), w... Read on... Former D-70 Teacher sentenced Pueblo, CO: Russell Davis (12/28/1975) pled guilty to Sexual Assault on a child by one in position of trust a class three felony. Davis was arrested ... Read on... Inmate Charged for Bringing Drugs into Jail July 26, 2024 - A 39-year-old inmate in the Pueblo County Jail received several new felony charges after Pueblo County Sheriff’s Detention Deputies re... Inmate Charged for Bringing Drugs Into Jail Deputy Recovering After Exposure to Fentanyl July 24, 2024 - A Pueblo County Sheriff’s Patrol Deputy is recovering after she was exposed to fentanyl and briefly went unconscious after taking a su... Deputy Recovering After Exposure to Fentanyl Pueblo County Operations Impacted by Worldwide Technology Outage July 19, 2024 -Pueblo County Government, the City of Pueblo and Colorado State Patrol experienced effects of the CrowdStrike software update that affe... Computer Outage Impacts Pueblo County Illegal Marijuana Grow Operation Found in Eastern Pueblo County July 18, 2024 - A tip about a possible illegal marijuana grow/drug distribution operation led Pueblo County Sheriff’s Special Investigations and Narc... Illegal Marijuana Grow Found Sheriff Urges Public to Celebrate Fourth of July Safely with Legal Fireworks; Leave Aerial Shows to July 2, 2024 - If you are planning to celebrate the Fourth of July with fireworks, use only those that are deemed legal in Pueblo County. State law p... Sheriff Urges Public to Celebrate Safely Deputies Arrest Colorado Springs Auto Theft Suspects February 26, 2025 - Pueblo County Sheriff’s deputies arrested two people on the Walker Ranch property north of Pueblo after they attempted to steal a ... Deputies Arrest Colorado Springs Auto Theft Suspec View More News /CivicAlerts.aspx Stay Informed Emergency Alerts Message from the Sheriff The men and women of the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office continue to serve our community with honor, integrity, and commitment to public safety and security. The Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office is composed of professionals whose commitment is to control crime, problem solve, reduce the perception of fear and ultimately improve the quality of life by working in a partnership with our citizens. We believe in the Constitution and are committed to providing a safe environment for Pueblo County. 2026 Sheriff's Scholarship now OPEN! For more information and to submit your application, click on "How Do I..." at the top right of this page and then find "Sheriff's Scholarship" under the "Submit" section. Jul 4 Independence Day All offices will be closed. Independence Day Read More Nov 11 Veterans Day All offices will be closed. Veterans Day Read More Dec 25 Christmas Day All offices will be closed. Christmas Day Read More View More Events /Calendar.aspx Pueblo County Sheriff's Office Current Detention Center Pueblo County Sheriff's Office Future Detention Center Pueblo County Sheriff's Office Winter Rescue 1 Current Detention Center 2 Future Detention Center 3 Winter Rescue Twitter Facebook Twitter Tweets by PuebloCountySO Facebook Main Office 909 Court Street Pueblo, CO 81003 Phone: 719-583-6125 Neighborhood Watch Volunteers Opportunities Public and Media Information ADA Compliance Officer Victim Services Employee Portal /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Contact Us Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow