Law Enforcement Agency in Mount Sterling, KY Skip to content MONTGOMERY COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE PROUDLY SERVING & PROTECTING THE CITIZENS OF MONTGOMERY COUNTY Sheriff David Charles Your Trusted Chief Law Enforcement Officers The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency dedicated to serving the citizens of our community and the Commonwealth of Kentucky. We are committed to upholding the principles of the Constitution and applying them fairly to all. We will accomplish our mission in an open and transparent manner while making you proud of YOUR Sheriff's Office. The concerns of our citizens are our concerns as well and will be addressed. We consider it to be an honor to serve and are blessed to be able to do so. Please join us as we strive to improve all of our functions to make our community a better place for all. Sheriff David Charles Dedicated to Serving the Community The Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office was created in 1797 and has been continuously proudly serving our community since. We currently have 14 sworn deputies, 6 court personnel, and 10 Reserve Deputies. Your Property Taxes Aside from implementing rules and regulations in Montgomery County, we also provide information about our county’s property tax system. You can learn more about the collection dates, payment options, and more by exploring our page today. See Property Tax Information Buckle Up and Drive Smart Our officers are enforcing laws for vehicle inspections, civil process services, and more. You may check our Services page to browse all the law enforcement duties that we do to fulfill our mission as your county sheriff. Browse Our General Duties Contact Us At the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office, our line is always open to address your concerns. Contact us or visit our office today if you have inquiries or reports about your area. Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office 1 Court Street, Suite 4, Mount Sterling, Kentucky 40353 Phone: (859) 498-8704 Fax: (859) 498-8694 © 2026 MONTGOMERY COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE. All Rights Reserved. Scroll To Top