Sheriff's Office | Burlington County, NJ - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Bureaus & Units Meet the Sheriff Sheriff’s Sales & Foreclosures Latest News Find what's happening with Burlington County Sheriff's Office Commissioners Applaud Evesham Mayor's New Role Leading NJ Conference of Mayors The Burlington County Commissioners honored Evesham Mayor Jaclyn Veasy Wednesday evening for her outstanding leadership and advocacy following her ins... Read on... Burlington County Unveils Latest Road Repaving Plan The Burlington County Commissioners voted this week to approve a contract with Old Bridge-based Black Rock Enterprise to perform milling and overlay w... Read on... Burlington County Seeking Volunteers For Crisis Counseling Program The Burlington County Department of Human Services is seeking volunteers to join their team of crisis counselors to respond during future disasters or... Read on... Burlington County Library System Expands Museum Pass Program Looking for an affordable day trip or outing this summer? The Burlington County Library System offers its cardholders free access to more than three d... Read on... Looking to Watch the World Cup? Check Out These Burlco Watch Parties The FIFA World Cup 2026™ kicks off this week and Burlington County residents looking for public watch parties won’t be left on the sidelines. Read on... Library to Host Inclusive Summer Reading Program The Burlington County System is launching its annual Summer Reading Program with a special event that will spotlight the library’s adaptive materials,... Read on... 250th Festival With Ringing of Centuries Old Bell Burlington County’s courthouse bell rang for liberty in the summer of 1776 after the signing of the Declaration of Independence, and the County Commis... Read on... Burlco Offering $40 Farm Market Vouchers Burlington County is distributing free $40 farmers market vouchers to eligible senior citizens for the purchase of nutritious, fresh produce Read on... Animal Shelter Hosting World Cup-themed Open House The World Cup is kicking off in less than two weeks, and the Burlington County Animal Shelter is hoping the frenzy surrounding the international socce... Read on... What to Know Before Primary Day New Jersey’s Primary Election Day is this Tuesday, June 2, and offers registered Democrats and Republicans the opportunity to select their party’s can... Read on... BurlCo Restaurant Week Returns Mark your calendars because Burlington County’s tastiest business promotion is returning this summer Read on... BurlCo Commissioners Celebrate Student Scholarships Five outstanding young scholars were celebrated for their achievements, public service and aspirations during this year’s Burlington County Commission... Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Top Resources Let us help you with our top links AngelSense Learn More Read On Senior Services Learn More Read On Calendar & Events Stay Up To Date Senior Citizens Police Academy Senior Citizens Police Academy Child Safety Car Seat Checks Child Safety Car Seat Checks 2026 National Seat Check Saturday 2026 National Seat Check Saturday Trunk or Treat Trunk or Treat 2026 Veterans Expo 2026 Veterans Expo 2027 Sensory-Friendly Egg Hunt and Resource Fair 2027 Sensory-Friendly Egg Hunt and Resource Fair 1 Senior Citizens Police Academy 2 Child Safety Car Seat Checks 3 2026 National Seat Check Saturday 4 Trunk or Treat 5 2026 Veterans Expo 6 2027 Sensory-Friendly Egg Hunt and Resource Fair June 2026 S M T W T F S 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 Fri, Jun. 26 Hummingbird Hangouts Meet other nature-lovers and enjoy the spectacle of ruby-throated hummingbirds buzzing among native ... Hummingbird Hangouts Learn More Fri, Jun. 26 The Art of Lisa Hendrickson Exhibit Lisa Hendrickson is a figurative artist based in the Philadelphia area. Heavily influenced by human... The Art of Lisa Hendrickson Exhibit Learn More Fri, Jun. 26 The Art of Michael Rearden Glass artist Michael Rearden has a simple philosophy when it comes to working with glass; let the ma... The Art of Michael Rearden Learn More Fri, Jun. 26 Out of the Darkness & Into the Light Volume II: Music Photography Lights dim, and the audience erupts with a deafening roar as the band walks out of fog and darkness.... Out of the Darkness & Into the Light Volume II: Music Photography Learn More View All Events /Calendar.aspx SHERIFF'S OFFICE 49 Rancocas Road Mount Holly, NJ 08060 Phone: 609-265-5127 FOR EMERGENCIES PLEASE CALL 911 Hours Monday-Friday 8:30am to 4:30pm Commissioners Meetings Sheriff's Sales & Foreclosures Corrections Visiting Employee Mail Employee Login /QuickLinks.aspx How should I dispose of my used syringes? Who should recycle? Can aerosol cans be recycled? Can I put plastic packing material from cardboard boxes in my recycling? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow