Yuma County Detention Center: Inmate Mail Bureaus > Detention > Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Effective May 13, 2024, all incoming inmate mail will be processed by TextBehind . Mail sent to any other addresses, will be returned to the sender. All incoming inmate mail will be scanned at the TextBehind location, and will be viewable on the inmate tablets. All inmate mail should be mailed to the address provided below: (Inmate Name/Jacket Number) Yuma County Detention Center P.O. Box 76550 Highland Heights, KY 41076 If you do not know the inmate’s jacket number, contact the Detention Center at (928) 782-9871. Inmates may access their scanned mail on the tablets once it has been released by TextBehind. Up to 10 photos per package will be accepted. Original mail and/or pictures will be destroyed by Textbehind after they have been scanned into the system. Obscene material or inappropriate pictures will be rejected and the inmate will be notified. No parcel packages will be processed by Text Behind. The following mail will not be accepted: No correspondence larger than 8 ½ x 11 inches (letter size). No correspondence on paper thicker than light card stock. No materials that may cause problems with vendor’s scanner. This includes, but is not limited to: raised decorations, glue, glitter, cardboard, and stickers. No additional items including, but not limited to: stamps, blank envelopes, stationery, stickers, and address labels. No correspondence that may be deemed a safety or security issue, such as anything with gang affiliations, threats to other persons or properties, or plans to commit a crime. No correspondence that may be deemed sexually explicit. Exceptions Books/Magazines: Friends and family may continue to purchase books and magazines through reputable publishers/sources and have them mailed directly from the publisher/source to the Detention Center. Inmate Funds: The Detention Center will continue to allow cashier’s checks or money orders to be mailed directly to the facility. The envelope must be clearly addressed as provided below, otherwise, the mail will be returned to the sender. (Inmate Name/Jacket Number) Yuma County Detention Center Inmate Accounts 200 W. Court Street Yuma, AZ 85364 Non-Attorney Legal Mail: Documents such as court documents, power of attorney, title transfers, child related forms, etc., which require original signatures may continue to be mailed to the Detention Center; however, the envelope must be clearly marked “Non-Attorney Legal Mail”. The documents will be processed within a reasonable time. Any non-attorney legal mail not clearly marked as such will be returned to sender. Legal Mail: Legal mail will continue to be mailed to the facility by a legally approved and licensed attorney of record. All legal mail must be sent in preprinted/pre-stamped postage envelopes or metered postage. Legal mail should not be bound, stapled, or fastened in any manner as inmates are prohibited from possessing such items. Please inform your family and friends of this change. For more information, contact the Detention Center at (928) 539-7841. Email Messages Inmates are eligible to receive emails via Inmate Sales. Friends and family can stay connected by creating an account to send emails at: www.inmatesales.com or call 1-702-829-3001 - Monday thru Friday: 8 AM-12 AM (ET), Saturday: 10 AM-9 PM (ET) For more information... Contact the Detention Center at (928) 782-9871.