Spink County Sheriff's Dept, Redfield SD 57469 Spink County Government Redfield SD 57469 [ Home ] [ Departments ] [ Commission ] [ History ] [ Notices-Announcements ] [ Forms-Documents ] [ Maps ] [ Elections ] [ Employment ] [ Contact ] Spink County Sheriff's Dept Jenna Appel , Spink County Sheriff 571@spink.sdcounty.gov 2026 Fee Schedule for Spink County | Excel | PDF | Outside Links Homeland Security Investigations for Victim Notification National Sex Offender Registry Division of Criminal Investigation SD Highway Patrol SD Dept of Environment and Natural Resources The Spink County Sheriff's Department provides 24 Hour Law Enforcement coverage within Redfield City as well as coverage for the entire Spink County area. The department is a 24 Hour Communications Center complete with Enhanced 911. Starting in April 2012, we began using a new communication service called Nixle (www.nixle.com). The public can register to receive email and text message alerts from our office, ie: Road Closures, Weather Alerts, Missing Persons, etc. Receive community information instantly! Sign up at Nixle.com today! It's quick, easy and secure. Chief Deputy Brett Christman Night Supervisor Deputy Sheriff Tonya Mayou Deputy Sheriff Jerrin Wiman Deputy Sheriff Branden Roe Deputy Sheriff Jackson Spurr Deputy Sheriff Justin McDaniel Deputy Sheriff Trent Remily Deputy Sheriff Wyatt Anderson Chief Dispatcher Amy Akin Dispatcher Cyndi Roe Dispatcher Robert Coltharp Dispatcher Jacob Clark Dispatcher Jason Kraft Part-Time Dispatcher Kandi Shantz Part-Time Dispatcher Christine Michlitsch The Spink County Sheriff Department can be found within the Law Enforcement Building located in the Spink County Courthouse parking lot, Redfield SD. Did You Know... ...when you dial 911 there is up to a 12 second pause before you hear it ringing. DO NOT HANG UP Officer Down Memorial Page Deputy State Sheriff Charles A. Halpin South Dakota Office of the State Sheriff South Dakota End of Watch: Friday, May 13, 1927 Special Agent Charles Bintliff United States Department of Justice - Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives U.S. Government End of Watch: Friday, May 13, 1927 Incident Details Cause of Death: Gunfire Date of Incident: Friday, May 13, 1927 Weapon Used: Shotgun Suspect Info: Committed suicide Deputy Sheriff Halpin and Agent Charles Bintliff, of the United States Treasury Department, were shot and killed near Redfield, South Dakota, while attempting to arrest a man who had wounded another federal agent one week earlier. Deputy Sheriff Halpin and Agent Bintliff were with two other officers and they arrived at the man's farm at 0130 hours. The officers separated and Deputy Halpin and Agent Bintliff went to search the barn. As the two searched the barn, the man opened fire on them with a shotgun, striking Agent Bintliff in the chest and Deputy Halpin in the abdomen. Both men were killed instantly. The suspect fled but committed suicide. Contact Information [ Back to Top ] Spink County Sheriff's Department Jenna Appel, Sheriff 210 E 7th Avenue Redfield SD 57469-1299 Phone: (605) 472-4595 Fax: (605) 472-4599 571@spink.sdcounty.gov Office Location: Law Enforcement Center Hours: 24/7 Departments (County, State, Federal Offices) Law Enforcement Cntr Sheriff Department Courthouse 1st floor Extension Services Emergency Management Health Department Courthouse 2nd Floor Auditor Equalization Planning and Zoning Drainage Register of Deeds Treasurer Commissioner's Room Courthouse 3rd Floor Clerk of Courts Courtroom Emergency Management States Attorney Veterans Service Courthouse Basement Custodial Engineer Community Room 101 E 7th Avenue Spink County Coroner 225 E 8th Avenue Spink County Museum E Hwy 212 Highway Department Weed & Pest Spink County Sheriff's Department 210 East 7th Avenue Redfield SD 57469-1299