Sheriff of Monona County, Iowa - County Government Monona County • Iowa Patchy rain nearby · 63° Calendar Courts Employment FAQ Translate Language Translate Home About Cemeteries Communities Ordinances School Districts Townships Monona County Economic Development Departments Assessor Attorney Auditor Board of Supervisors Conservation Drainage Emergency Management Environmental Health & Zoning Public Health Recorder Secondary Roads Sheriff Treasurer Veterans Affairs Contact Calendar Courts Employment FAQ Search Departments Sheriff Location Public Safety Building 909 7th St. Onawa, IA 51040 Driving Directions Contact Information 712-433-1414 - Civil 712-423-2525 7124331398 (Fax) Sheriff Sales Facebook Page Fingerprinting Inmate Visitation Livestock Owner Notifications Prescription Drop Boxes Sex Offender Registry Submit a Crime Tip Weapon Permits FAQ Sheriff Welcome to the Monona County Sheriff's page. Mission Statement The mission of the Monona County Sheriff’s Office is the Protection and Service of Our Citizens in a Professional and Compassionate Manner and the efficient and correct delivery of Law Enforcement services to the community. The people that make up the Monona County Sheriff’s Office are your friends, neighbors and relatives – we are a part of our community. With community support, the Monona County Sheriff’s Office will continue preparing for the future through partnerships, professionalism, performance and pride while consistently completing our daily goals and objectives. The Sheriff is the principal peace officer of the county. Click here to view the Sheriff's Facebook Page> Sheriff Duties: Summons grand jurors and trial jurors. May call any person to his aid, and when necessary summons the power of the County. Serves subpoenas and other notices and levies on property when a judgment has been secured. Executes and returns all writs and other legal processes issued by lawful authority. Custodian of the county jail and is responsible for all prisoners committed to him until discharged by law. Transport individuals to locations as directed by court order. Map & Directions Stay Connected Sign up to receive notifications when board meeting agendas are posted, job openings are announced, and more. Customize Your Notifications Monona County • Iowa Courthouse 610 Iowa Ave. Onawa, IA 51040 Contact Us Courthouse Hours M-F 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Closed Holidays Department Hours May Vary ©2026 Monona County, Iowa | Title VI Notice powered by Upcoming Holiday Closure Schedule Independence Day (July 4, 2026) Labor Day (September 7, 2026) Veterans Day (November 11, 2026) Thanksgiving Day (November 26, 2026) Day After Thanksgiving (November 27, 2026) Christmas Day (December 25, 2026)