About Us Sheriff Big Horn County Wyoming About Us Welcome to the Big Horn County Sheriffs Office Website. We hope this website is informative and provides you with a better understanding of our agency and law enforcement within Big Horn County. Please dont hesitate to reach out to us if you are unable to find the information you are looking for within this website. Big Horn County Wyoming Our goal is to provide excellent/compassionate law enforcement service and protection to the citizens within Big Horn County. These services will be delivered consistently, constitutionally and without bias to anyone. ***Photo Credit to Michelle Olsen Photography*** The Sheriffs Office is composed of three divisions: Patrol, Detention and Communications. Within these divisions, we employ over 50 highly skilled and trained civil servants that serve and protect the citizens of Big Horn County 24 hours per day 7 days per week. SUBMIT A TIP ONLINE Big Horn County Sheriffs Office Online Tip Submission Form To submit an anonymous tip, please use the form below. When submitting this information you can remain anonymous. Please provide us with as much information as possible, including the location or address where the suspicious or criminal activity is occurring or has occurred, and the names, descriptions, addresses of any suspects, and/or any other information pertaining to the suspects or activity you are reporting. The more information you submit, the more effectively we can work to stop the problem. When you are finished entering your information in the fields below, click “Submit”. Your Name (Optional) Your Email Address (Optional) Your Phone Number (Optional) Location/Address of activity * Suspect Name/Information * Nature of suspicious or criminal activity * Other information or descriptors Send message First Name HELPFUL LINKS Arrests, Calls, Inmates Wyoming State Statutes National Weather Service SHERIFF INFORMATION Sheriff - About Us Sheriff - Civil Process Sheriff - Concealed Carry Sheriff - Contact Information Sheriff - Detention Sheriff - Dispatch Sheriff - Employment Sheriff - FAQ Sheriff - Links Sheriff - Office Documents Sheriff - Patrol Sheriff - Search and Rescue Sheriff - Staff Sheriff - Vehicle Abandoned CONTACT THE SHERIFF Sheriff Jason Beal Mailing Address: P.O. Box 69 Basin, Wy 82410 Email: jason.beal@bighorncountywy.gov Phone: (800) 500-2324 (In state only) 307-568-2324 307-568-9311 (Jail) Fax: 307-568-3828 (Dispatch/Administration) © Big Horn County, Wyoming. All Rights Reserved. | Website Designed by Waves Web Design Privacy Policy