Home - Northampton County Skip to Content {1} ##LOC[OK]## MENU County of Northampton Extra Links Calendar of Events Maps Sheriff's Office Courts Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All Welcome To Northampton County Land of History, Hospitality and Opportunity for All PUBLIC NOTICE Due to the end of the fiscal year closing, the Northampton County Treasurer’s Office and the Commissioner of the Revenue’s Office will be closedon Monday, June 29, 2026, and Tuesday, June 30, 2026. We appreciate your patience and will reopen for normal business on Wednesday, July 1, 2026. RSS Feed Latest News View All News Northampton County Homeschool Student Donates 3D-Printed Replica of Historic Arlington Plantation Caleb Dail donates a 3D printed replica of Arlington to Northampton County ... Read More NORTHAMPTON COUNTY WELCOMES VIRGINIA250 VISITORS Read More Sign Up For Citizen Alert Registration is Free. Be Prepared. Stay Informed. ... Read More Hurricane Season begins June 1st A guide to everything you need to know to prepare ... Read More Beware of Email Scams for Fake Permit Invoices & Public Hearing Fees How to Protect Yourself ... Read More Northampton County Parks & Recreation 2026 Survey Please take a moment and let us know your thoughts ... Read More Circuit Court Clerk Launches VADeed Alert to Help Protect Property Owners from Deed Fraud Sign up for this Free service ... Read More Sheriff warns community of jury duty scam Read More Latest Events View All Events Jun 26 Youth Summer Camp June 26, 8:30AM - 4:30PM Jun 26 Fridays At Lemon Tree Live Music June 26, 6:30PM - 8:30PM Jun 27 Live Music at the Great Machipongo Clam Shack June 27, 6:00PM - 8:00PM Jun 27 Free Concert in the Park June 27, 7:00PM - 9:00PM Quick Links Public Safety Sheriff's Office Pay Your Taxes Treasurer's Office Job Openings Employment Opportunities Solid Waste Trash, Recycling & Landfill Clerk of Court Planning Comprehensive Plan Real Estate Maps Most Recent GIS Maps Commissioner of Revenue Forms About Our County Northampton County is the southern 35 miles of a 70 mile long stretch of the Delmarva Peninsula known as Virginia's Eastern Shore. "The Shore" as it is affectionately named, is cradled by the Atlantic Ocean and Chesapeake Bay or what is known locally as Bayside and Seaside. The Seaside, in particular, contains the largest island wilderness chain on the U.S. Eastern Seaboard. The Shore is a place that has somehow managed to remain relatively unchanged through the times. Its pristine condition is mainly a result of the surrounding waters of the Chesapeake Bay and the County's isolation to large East Coast metropolises. Generations of families have created a rich tradition of living off the land through farming and fishing. Northampton County contains numerous natural and cultural sites, including two large public parks, Eastern Shore of Virginia National Wildlife Refuge and Kiptopeke State Park, located at the southern end of the county. Historic towns contain buildings that speak to over 350 years of architectural design in the United States. 0 Founded 0 Population 0 Square Miles of Land and Water 0 Percent Southern Hospitality POPULAR SERVICES Residents Jury Duty Building Services and Permits Solid Waste and Recycling Budget Information Visitors Welcome to Northampton County Northampton250 Weather Free Things to See and Do in Northampton Business Bountiful Northampton Starting a Business in Northampton County Doing Business in Northampton County Business License Government Elected Officials Board of Supervisors County Administration Voter Registration and Elections Youtube Facebook Instagram Facebook County of Northampton, Virginia | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Notice | Site Map | Staff Login | Powered by Civiclive | © PowerSchool Corporation.