Page 1 of 15 
REVIEW 
The Content Owner will review this operating procedure annually and re -write it no later than three years after 
the effective date. 
The content owner reviewed this operating procedure in April 2025 and determined that no changes are needed. 
COMPLIANCE 
This operating procedure applies to all units operated by the Virginia Department of Corrections (DOC).  Practices 
and procedures must comply with applicable State and Federal laws and regulations, American Correctional 
Association (ACA) standards, Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) standards, and DOC directives and operating 
procedures. 
  
 
Virginia 
Department 
of 
Corrections 
Inmate Management and Programs 
Operating Procedure 803.2 
Publications, Commercially Distributed 
Photographs, and Media Files 
Authority: 
Directive 803, Inmate Correspondence, 
Publications, and Telephone Access 
Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
Amended: 4/9/25, 4/17/25, 6/1/25 
Supersedes: 
Operating Procedure 803.2, April 1, 2021 
Access:   Restricted        Public       Inmate 
ACA/PREA Standards:  
5-ACI-7D-04 
 
Content 
Owner: 
Rose Durbin 
Corrections Operations Manager Signature Copy on File 2/12/24 
  Signature Date 
Reviewer: Marcus Elam 
Corrections Operations Administrator Signature Copy on File 2/13/24 
  Signature Date 
Signatory: A. David Robinson 
Chief of Corrections Operations Signature Copy on File 2/13/24 
  Signature Date

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 2 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
Table of Contents 
 
DEFINITIONS ........................................................................................................................................................ 3 
PURPOSE ............................................................................................................................................................... 4 
PROCEDURE ......................................................................................................................................................... 4 
I. Incoming Publications and Commercially Distributed Photographs ...................................................... 4 
II. Inmate Notification Requirements .......................................................................................................... 5 
III. Purchase of Publications ......................................................................................................................... 5 
IV. Unauthorized and Improperly Received Publications ............................................................................. 7 
V. Institution Review of Publication Content .............................................................................................. 7 
VI. Guidance on Specific Criterion E and I................................................................................................... 9 
VII. Non-English Language Publications ..................................................................................................... 10 
VIII. Publication Review Committee ............................................................................................................. 10 
IX. Publications Made Available through Institution Programs ................................................................. 11 
X. Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Media Files ............................................................................. 12 
XI. Commercially Distributed Photographs ................................................................................................ 13 
REFERENCES ...................................................................................................................................................... 14 
ATTACHMENTS ................................................................................................................................................. 15 
FORM CITATIONS ............................................................................................................................................. 15

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 3 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
DEFINITIONS  
Central Mail Distribution Center - A DOC unit under the office of the Security Operations and Emergency 
Preparedness Administrator that has the responsibility to receive and inspect inmate and CCAP 
probationer/parolee incoming legal correspondence, incoming religious correspondence, books, newspapers, 
magazines, photobooks, personal photographs, commercial photographs, and other publications before these items 
are forwarded to a facility for issuance to the inmate or CCAP probationer/parolee.  
Commercially Distributed Photographs  - Printed images that are produced for public distribution and are 
purchased through a vendor that provides mail order service to the public.  
Community Corrections Alternative Program (CCAP)  - A system of residential facilities  operated by the 
Department of Corrections to provide evidence-based programming as a diversionary alternative to incarceration 
in accordance with COV §53.1-67.9, Establishment of community corrections alternative program; supervision 
upon completion. 
Disapproved Publications List  - A document published periodically listing all publications that have been 
disapproved by the Publication Review Committee. 
Dust Jacket - A separate and removable paper cover that wraps around a book to protect the outside of the book 
from dirt or damage.  
Gang/Security Threat Group  (STG) - A group of individuals who: (a) possess common characteristics that 
distinguish them from other persons or groups of persons and who, as an entity, pose a threat to the safety and 
security of employees, the facility, inmates or the community; (b) have a common distinctive goal, symbolism or 
philosophy; (c) possess identifiable skills or resources, or engage in unauthorized/illegal activities.  Criminal street 
gangs, terrorists (domestic & international), radical extremists , hate groups, cults, and neighborhood cliques are 
examples of a Gang/STG.  
Institution - A prison facility operated by the Department of Corrections; includes major institutions, field units, 
and work centers.  
Media Files - Content such as music, non-music audio files, games, etc. which are approved by the DOC for the 
inmate to download onto their media device.  
Nudity - The showing (human or cartoon) of the male or female genitals, pubic area, female breast with less than 
a fully opaque covering of the areola, or male or female buttocks with less than a fully opaque covering of the 
anus.  
Office of Law Enforcement Services (OLES)  - DOC sworn law enforcement employees conducting criminal 
and administrative investigations.  
Publication - Any communication such as newspapers, magazines, newsletters or other periodicals, books, 
brochures, catalogs, or pamphlets that can be subscribed to or ordered from a vendor.  
Publication Review Committee (PRC) - A panel whose members are appointed by DOC Senior Management to 
review publications submitted from DOC facilities to determine if they violate this operating procedure and are 
therefore not appropriate for possession by an inmate.  
Vendor - Any entity i.e. publisher, organization, business, or governmental agency that as a usual and regular 
business provides mail order service to the public.

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 4 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
PURPOSE 
This operating procedure provides for the ordering, review, and processing of incoming publications for inmates 
and commercially distributed photographs and media files for inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees. (5-ACI-
7D-04) 
PROCEDURE 
I. Incoming Publications and Commercially Distributed Photographs 
A. Inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees retain their First Amendment right to access publications  and 
commercially distributed photographs ; however, Correctional Administrators have an equally valid 
responsibility under the Code of Virginia  (COV) to maintain security, discipline, and order in DOC 
facilities.  
1. Correctional Administrator responsibilities include  controlling contraband, controlling disruptive or 
illegal activities, and ensuring the safety and well-being of all inmates, CCAP probationers/parolees, 
staff, volunteers, interns, and visitors.   
2. To maintain security, discipline, and good order in DOC facilities and assist with inmate and CCAP 
probationer/parolee rehabilitation and treatment, reduce sexual harassment, and prevent a hostile 
environment for inmates, CCAP probationers/parolees, staff, and volunteers, inmates and CCAP 
probationers/parolees are not permitted to send, receive , or possess publications, commercial 
photographs, and other material that emphasizes explicit or graphic depictions or descriptions of sexual 
acts or contains nudity as defined in this operating procedure. 
B. Due to the short duration and intense nature of CCAPs, staff should not allow CCAP probationers/parolees 
to purchase or receive publications unless specifically approved by the Facility Unit Head. 
C. Due to the short time spent in reception centers, staff should not allow transient inmates at reception 
centers to purchase or receive publications.  
D. Inmates under the age of 18 are not permitted to order or receive publications, which state, "not to be sold 
to persons under the age of _".   
1. If staff receives a publication for an inmate who is under the age of 18 that is unauthorized due to the 
inmate’s age, the staff member will return the publication to the sender with a letter stating that the 
addressee is underage and cannot receive it.   
2. If the publication does not contain a disclaimer regarding age but appears to violate COV §18.2-390, 
Definitions or COV §18.2-391, Unlawful acts; penalties , staff should send the publication to the 
Publication Review Committee (PRC) with a letter indicating that publication was received by an 
underage inmate. 
3. Staff will submit a Disciplinary Offense Report  for violation of offense code 224, Possession of 
Contraband; see Operating Procedure 861.1 Inmate Discipline for inmates under the age of 18 in 
possession of sexually explicit materials.   
a. The offense report should include the inmate’s date of birth.   
b. Staff will seize the contraband for disposal or confiscation; see Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate 
and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Property. 
E. Central Mail Distribution Center 
1. All books, newspapers, and magazines purchased by the inmate or a third party or donated to a facility 
must be mailed directly to the Central Mail Distribution Center for screening and inspection at the 
following address; see Operating Procedure 803.4, Central Mail Distribution Center.  
VADOC CMDC 
Inmate name, Inmate #

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 5 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
3521 Woods Way 
State Farm, Virginia 23160 
2. Publications not purchased by the inmate such as advertisements, newsletters, brochures, catalogs, etc. 
will be mailed to the inmate’s assigned facility for processing. 
3. Staff will dispose of all books, newspapers, and magazines, purchased by the inmate or a third party 
that were not screened, inspected, and received directly from Central Mail Distribution Center and will 
notify the inmate or CCAP probationer/parolee using the Notice of Unauthorized Correspondence 
803_F2.  
II. Inmate Notification Requirements 
A. Upon initial assignment to a DOC institution, staff should inform each inmate on institution procedures 
governing publications.   
B. Upon the inmate’s initial assignment to a DOC institution, staff will provide the inmate with written 
information governing publications in the institution  Orientation Manual or Packet. The Orientation 
Manual or Packet should include the following: 
1. The DOC  permits inmates to subscribe to, order  from, and receive publications so long as the 
publications do not pose a threat to the security, discipline, and good order of the institution and the 
publications otherwise comply with the requirements of this operating procedure.   
2. Inmates or a third party may subscribe to or order periodicals, i.e., newspapers, magazines, or catalogs 
published on a regular schedule without prior approval through the institution.  
3. Inmates will not receive publications of any kind on a trial basis, or which have not been prepaid.  
Publications which may be obtained free of charge will be considered prepaid if the inmate provides 
documentation that the publication is free.  
4. Inmates will only receive books, newspapers, and magazines mailed to the institution directly from 
the Central Mail Distribution Center.  
5. When a portion of a publication is disapproved, the entire publication will be disapproved.  There will 
be no attempt to remove or censor the disapproved material. 
6. Publications received from  private individuals and altered publications that have pages, 
advertisements, or pictures removed, blotted out, etc., are not authorized, regardless of the source, and 
must be disposed of immediately.   
7. For security purposes, some institutions may remove staples or other binding materials so that the 
publication must be disposed of on transfer to another institution that would consider the publication 
altered. 
8. The review process may invalidate any return or refund policy of the vendor associated with the 
material.  The DOC assumes no responsibility in this matter. 
III. Purchase of Publications 
A. Staff will allow inmates or a third party to subscribe to, order, and receive publications when the 
publication does not:  
1. Pose a threat to the security, discipline, and good order of the institution and is not detrimental to 
inmate rehabilitation. 
2. Promote violence, disorder, or the violation of state or federal law.  
3. Contain nudity or any sexually explicit content or sexual acts in violation of state or federal law  to 
include child pornography. 
4. Violate any of the criteria for publication disapproval , see Attachment 1, Specific Criteria for 
Publication Disapproval.

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 6 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
B. There is no limit on the number of publications an inmate or third party may purchase, but staff will limit 
the number of  publications an inmate may possess at any one time to  the number authorized on the 
Property Matrix for male and female institutions; see Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP 
Probationer/Parolee Property. 
1. Publications such as religious texts, approved study texts, personal photo books, and legal references 
are included in the maximum number authorized at one .  Publications borrowed through the facility 
are not included. 
2. Catalogs and brochures that contain a publisher name, publication date, volume/issue number or other 
identifier, copyright notice, and publisher address are considered magazines and staff will process and 
inventory these items as magazines.   
3. Staff will process all other catalogs and brochures as correspondence; see Operating Procedure 803.1, 
Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Correspondence. 
C. Inmates must secure permission from the Facility Unit Head, or designee , usually mailroom or personal 
property prior to ordering a b ook or back i ssue of a periodical  using funds from their Inmate Trust 
Account. 
1. The inmate must submit a Personal Property Request - Add/Drop 802_F1 for review and approval of 
the Facility Unit Head or designee ; see Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP 
Probationer/Parolee Property.  
2. Upon receipt of an approved Personal Property Request - Add/Drop 802_F1, Business Office staff 
will process the order in accordance with Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP 
Probationer/Parolee Property. 
3. Staff will deny any request to purchase a publication the PRC reviewed and disapproved and will 
notify the inmate that the publication is not approved for purchase and possession. 
D. An inmate’s friends and family may purchase a book and subscribe to periodicals for the inmate.  
1. Inmates and friends, family, and visitors of that inmate are not allowed to purchase publications for 
another inmate unless that inmate shares a family relationship with the purchaser. 
2. Staff to include other agencies, private contractors, or contract service providers, volunteers, and 
interns are not allowed to purchase publications for an inmate  without prior approval of the Facility 
Unit Head .  Both Facility Unit Heads must approve if the transaction involves a staff member, 
volunteer, or intern from another facility. 
3. Before the inmate will receive a publication purchased by a third party, staff will complete a Personal 
Property Request - Add/Drop 802_F1 once the publication arrives at the institution, identify the sender, 
and update the inmate’s property record in VACORIS. 
E. Publications must be properly addressed to the inmate as follows:   
1. The inmate’s name, DOC number, and the full name and address of the institution must be on the 
address label; the institution’s name should be spelled out, abbreviations are not acceptable.   
2. If the address indicates that the inmate tried to hide that the publication is being sent to a correctional 
institution, delivery to the inmate may be denied and the publication returned to the sender. 
3. Publications with incomplete addresses should be delivered if it can be determined which inmate is 
the intended recipient.  
F. Staff should mark all publications delivered to the inmate with the inmate’s name and DOC number; see 
Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Property.  
G. Staff will remove the dust jacket, when applicable, from incoming books before issuing the book to the 
inmate.  
1. Staff will make a legible copy of all content, e.g., text, illustrations, symbols, etc. provided on the front

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 7 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
cover, back cover, and flaps of the dust jacket and will deliver the copy to the inmate with the book. 
2. The inmate must be allowed to dispose of the dust jacket by completing a Property Disposition 802_F4 
and selecting the means of disposal; see Operating Procedure 802.1,  Inmate and CCAP 
Probationer/Parolee Property. 
3. Staff must not remove a dust jacket that is attached to the book, if such removal could damage the 
book. 
H.  Staff must not mark or remove the dust cover from disapproved publications submitted to the PRC until 
the PRC review is complete and staff can deliver the publication to the inmate.  
IV. Unauthorized and Improperly Received Publications 
A. The Facility Unit Head or designee should deny a publication as unauthorized or improperly received if:   
1. The publication was not subscribed to or ordered from a vendor. 
2. The publication was received from a n individual or the  vendor and not from the Central Mail 
Distribution Center.  
3. The publication was not addressed properly in accordance with this operating procedure. 
4. The publication was unsolicited, generally  mailed, or mass mailed material, bulk mail, such as 
catalogues, sales brochures, advertising fliers, etc.; staff will mark the material as “refused” and return 
it to the United States Postal Service.   
5. The publication is received with altered pages, advertisements, or pictures removed, blotted out, etc., 
even if the inmate received prior approval to order the publication.   
a. Staff may remove and dispose of unauthorized advertising inserts to include but not limited to, 
stickers, disks, collector cards, make-up samples, calendars, etc., without notification to the inmate 
so that the inmate may receive the publication.   
b. Unauthorized advertising inserts must not be removed if the publication will be submitted to PRC 
for content review. 
6. Publications that have been altered are considered contraband and must be disposed of immediately. 
B. The Facility Unit Head or designee should notify the PRC when a publication was altered when received 
at the institution and provide the committee with the name and address of the vendor, the publication 
name, issue number, and the nature of the alteration.  
C. Staff should deny unauthorized or improperly received publications based on a failure to follow applicable 
operating procedures, only.   
1. Staff will notify the inmate and the sender in writing as to the reason the publication was denied and 
the option to appeal the denial to the Facility Unit Head.   
2. Staff are not required to notify the sender or the inmate of the denial when the material was not sent 
as first-class mail. 
3. Staff should not review unauthorized or improperly received publications for content nor should staff 
submit these publications to the PRC. 
V. Institution Review of Publication Content 
A. The only approved vendor list is maintained by the PRC and applies to foreign language publications, 
only; see Attachment 2, Approved Vendors - Foreign Language Publications.   
1. The Deputy Director for Institutions has the  authority to disapprove any vendor who consistently 
distributes publications designed to deceive staff , circumvent operating procedures, or  that pose a 
threat to the security, discipline, and good order of an institution.  
2. Once a vendor is disapproved, the vendor will be placed on the Disapproved Vendors - Publications

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 8 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
and Commercially Distributed Photographs list.   
B. Staff must review all incoming publications for compliance with the criteria for publication disapproval, 
prior to delivery to an inmate; see Attachment 1, Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval.   
C. If the publication was disapproved previously by the PRC as listed on the Disapproved Publications List, 
staff will deny the publication.  
1. Staff will notify the inmate of the denial on a Notification of Publication Review Committee 
Disapproval 803_F10.  
2. Staff will not send t he publication to the PRC , the inmate  should dispose of the publication in 
accordance with Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Property.  
D. The Facility Unit Head will determine on a case-by-case and issue-by-issue basis whether to disapprove 
inmate receipt and possession of a publication if the publication can be reasonably documented to violate 
the specific  criteria for publication disapproval; see Attachment 1, Specific Criteria for Publication 
Disapproval.  
1. Mailroom, personal property, or other staff may perform the initial screening for compliance with the 
Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval but must not be the Facility Unit Head's designee for the 
purpose of disapproving inmate possession of a publication.  
a. The Facility Unit Head, within ten working days of publication receipt and disapproval, will  use 
the Publication Disapproval  Notification 803_F11 to advise each inmate who received the 
publication of the publication’s disapproval and the specific criteria for disapproval as listed on  
Attachment 1, Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval.  
b. If an inmate does not want their publication reviewed by the PRC, the inmate must notify the 
Facility Unit Head, or designee, within seven days of  Publication Disapproval  Notification 
803_F11 receipt.   
i. The inmate must select the method of disposal in the Disposal Section  of the  Publication 
Disapproval Notification 803_F11.  
ii. If the Disposal Section is not completed and the Publication Disapproval Notification returned 
within seven days, staff will forward the publication to the PRC for a final review and decision.  
iii. Staff must dispose  of disapproved publications within 30 days of Publication Disapproval  
Notification 803_F11 receipt.   
c. An inmate who chooses not to send their publication to PRC waives their right to appeal disapproval 
of possession of the publication. 
2. When the institution receives multiple copies of the same publication, staff will only submit one copy 
of the publication with a copy of the corresponding Publication Disapproval Notification 803_F11 to 
the PRC for review. 
a. Staff will retain all other copies of the publication with the corresponding Publication Disapproval 
Notification 803_F11 at the institution until the PRC makes a final determination on approval or 
disapproval. 
b. Staff will not hold publications for PRC review when an inmate  chose not to submit their 
publication and waived their right to appeal.  
3. At least once each month the Facility Unit Head or designee is responsible for sending one copy of all 
publications disapproved at the institution, the corresponding Publication Disapproval Notifications 
803_F11 to the PRC, and a properly completed Disapproved Publications Log 803_F12.   
E. Staff must send any issue of Prison Legal News disapproved at the institution immediately to the Deputy 
Director for Institutions with detailed explanation of the disapproval.  Staff will not send this publication 
to the PRC.  
F. Staff will forward any publication or other printed materials received at the institution that may be

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 9 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
evidence of criminal activity i.e., child pornography, to the Institutional Investigator or Office of Law 
Enforcement Services in a manner that preserves the material’s value as evidence.  
1. Staff must forward t he original publication or printed  materials, see COV §18.2-374, Production, 
publication, sale, possession, etc., of obscene items.  
2. The c opying of child pornography and obscene materials is prohibited, see COV §18.2-374.1:1, 
Possession, reproduction, distribution, solicitation, and facilitation of child pornography; penalty 
prohibits. 
VI. Guidance on Specific Criterion E and I 
A. Criterion E, Publications Detrimental to Inmate Rehabilitative Efforts  
1. The Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval requires staff to disapprove publications and other 
materials when the publication is determined to be detrimental to inmate rehabilitative efforts. 
2. Staff should only disapprove a publication for an inmate’s possession for violating Criterion E  based 
on assessment of the individual inmate’s specific criminogenic factors.   
3. Program, Mental Health, or other appropriate staff will determine when a publication is detrimental to 
inmate rehabilitative efforts; mailroom staff should not make this determination without inmate -
specific guidance and review from Program, Mental Health, or other appropriate staff. 
4. If the inmate disagrees with the determination and does not wish to dispose of the item, staff will 
forward the item to the PRC for review and final determination.   
5. Staff must mark the s pecific pages or passages of the publication with an explanation of the specific 
criminogenic factors that apply to that inmate documented on a Disapproved Publications Log  
803_F12.  
B. Criterion I, Publications Containing Nudity Exceptions 
1. The Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval requires staff to disapprove publications that contain 
nudity. 
2. Publications with nudity illustrative of anthropological , educational, or medical content may be  
acceptable; staff must review all publications containing nudity and determine if an exception applies 
subject to the following guidelines:  
a. Anthropological exception applies to nudity in a publication where the content deals with the 
origins, physical and cultural development, biological characteristics, and social customs and 
beliefs of humankind. 
b. Educational exception applies to nudity in a publication, in conjunction with written content, where 
the publication in its entirety intends to educate, inform, or instruct an individual on a subject. 
c. Medical exception applies to nudity in a publication that explains the science and practice of the 
diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of a disease. 
3. Staff must submit q uestionable materials to the PRC for review and approval or disapproval of an 
exception. 
4. Sex Offender Access to Publications Containing Nudity 
a. Inmates required to register in the Sex Offender and Crimes against Minors Registry for conviction 
of a sexual offense are prohibited from possessing any publication containing nudity and are not 
eligible for the anthropological, educational, or medical exception to Criterion I. 
b. Inmates who are required to register in the Sex Offender and Crimes against Minors Registry  for 
conviction of a non -sexual offense are eligible for an exception to Criterion I unless Program, 
Mental Health, or other appropriate staff determine the publication is detrimental and the 
publication violates Criterion E. 
5. Staff will confiscate, as contraband, and submit a disciplinary offense for a ny material found in an

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 10 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
inmate’s possession that violate s Criterion I and does not qualify for an exception; see  Operating 
Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Property, and Operating Procedure 861.1, 
Inmate Discipline.  
VII. Non-English Language Publications 
A. Publications written or communicated in languages other than English or Spanish and cannot be readily 
translated and reviewed for content pose an overriding security concern for the DOC.  
B. Publications written or communicated entirely in languages other than English or Spanish should be 
disapproved unless obtained from an approved vendor as listed on Attachment 2 , Approved Vendors - 
Foreign Language Publications.  
1. Inmates may order and possess foreign language religious texts from vendors approved by the Faith 
Review Committee; see Attachment 2, Approved Vendors - Foreign Language Publications. 
2. Staff should disapprove publications written or communicated entirely in languages other than English 
or Spanish and publications that were not ordered from an approved vendor, but appear acceptable, to 
the PRC for final action and consideration to add the publisher to Attachment 2, Approved Vendors - 
Foreign Language Publications.  
3. Staff should disapprove p ublications that contain un -translated foreign language text not  readily 
translated and reviewed; staff will send disapproved publications containing foreign language text to 
the PRC for final action.  
4. The restriction on foreign language publications does not apply to educational materials provided 
through an approved academic class.   
5. The restriction on foreign language publications does not apply to publications that contain complete, 
direct translations from a foreign language into English, i.e., language dictionaries, textbooks, and 
publications that contain parallel text in English and the other language. 
C. The Facility Unit Head has the authority to disapprove publications written in code; staff must not forward 
these publications to the PRC.   
1. Staff will forward any publication containing material that is encrypted or encoded immediately to the 
Institutional Investigator to determine if the publication should be sent to the Operations and Logistics 
Unit for investigation.  
2. The inmate may appeal the Facility Unit Head’s decision through the Offender Grievance Procedure.   
3. The institution should hold the publication pending completion of the grievance process.  
VIII. Publication Review Committee  
A. The Deputy Director for Institutions will appoint three staff members to serve on the PRC.  
B. The PRC Chair will maintain a roster of  subject matter consultants for issues such as religion, 
gang/security threat group, literary value, health care, and mental health.  The subject matter consultants 
are not voting members of the PRC.  
C. Designated support staff will monitor and maintain a list of all publications submitted for review with the 
outcome of each review. 
1. Support staff will notify the publisher when the PRC disapproves a publication for inmate possession; 
see Notification to Publisher of Publication Disapproval 803_F13.  
a. Notification is not required if the publisher is in a foreign country and does not have offices in the 
United States.   
b. The notification should advise the publisher that an independent review of the decision is available 
through appeal to the Deputy Director for Institutions.

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 11 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
2. Staff will not notify the publisher of the review when the PRC reviews and approves the publication 
for inmate possession. 
D. PRC members at least once a month will conduct a final review of all publications submitted for review 
and will determine compliance with the Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval.  
1. Members may review each publication independently and will vote  on publication approval or 
disapproval for inmate possession.  A majority vote of PRC members determine s approval and 
disapproval. 
2. The Director and Deputy Director for Institutions have the authority to veto PRC  approval and 
disapprovals.  
E. The PRC Chair or designee will notify the Facility Unit Head of the institution submitting the publication 
in writing of the PRC’s decision.  
F. Within five working days of receiving written notification, staff will prepare and send a Notification of 
Publication Review Committee Disapproval 803_F10 to each inmate who received the publication at the 
institution and is awaiting a decision from the PRC.  
G. Publication Disposition  
1. The PRC will return all approved publications to the submitting institution and staff will deliver the 
publications to the inmates.  
2. The PRC will hold all disapproved publications and staff will hold all duplicate copies of disapproved 
publications at the institution for 30 days to allow for inmate and publisher appeal of the disapproval. 
3. If the inmate or publisher does not appeal the disapproval within 30 days, the PRC will return the 
disapproved publication to the institution for disposal.   
4. PRC support staff will notify designated institution staff  and provide a list of  publications pending 
publisher or inmate appeal prior to returning the disapproved publications to the institution for 
disposition. 
5. Staff will hold all disapproved publications that are on appeal, until completion of the appeal process. 
6. Each month after expiration of the appeal period, PRC support staff will compile all PRC actions and 
update the Disapproved Publications List for posting on the Virtual Library.  
7. The Facility Unit Head or designee will make a copy of the Disapproved Publications List available 
for inmate review. 
H. Appeal of Publication Disapproval 
1. Inmates may appeal the PRC’s decision through the Offender Grievance Procedure within seven days 
of the date of receipt of the Notification of Publication Review Committee Disapproval 803_F10; see 
Operating Procedure 866.1, Offender Grievance Procedure. 
2. The publisher may appeal the PRC  decision to the Deputy Director for Institutions within fifteen 
calendar days of receipt of the Notification to Publisher of Publication Disapproval  803_F13.  The 
office of the Deputy Director for Institutions will provide written notification to the publisher of their 
final decision within ten days of that decision.  
3. Publications on the Disapproved Publications List  are not subject to appeal through the Offender 
Grievance Procedure and staff should not send the publication to the PRC.  The inmate must dispose 
of this publication; see Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Property. 
IX. Publications Made Available through Institution Programs 
A. All publications and other materials placed in institution libraries should be integral to the program or 
activity and must comply with this operating procedure.

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 12 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
B. The Facility Unit Head or designee will review and approve p ublications and other materials placed in 
institution libraries or provided to inmates through approved, institution specific on-going programs, prior 
to staff making the publication or written material available to inmates.   
1. The Facility Unit Head or designee should not approve p ublications and other materials for inmate 
access or use when the content violates the Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval. 
2. The Facility Unit Head or designee may place foreign language materials in institution libraries if there 
is an English language version of the same material from the same publisher that is not in violation of 
the Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval.  
3. The provision of publications for inmate use in institution programs is discretionary and the Facility 
Unit Head may deny the publication for reasons other than the Specific Criteria for Publication 
Disapproval, such as appropriateness for the program or activity for which such material has been 
requested.   
C. The Facility Unit Head may request that the PRC review publications for placement in the library and use 
in programs for compliance with the Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval, but PRC review is not 
required. The decision of the Facility Unit Head is final. 
X. Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Media Files  
A. The DOC provides all inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees with a media device to purchase and 
download media files from vendor provided kiosks; see Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP 
Probationer/Parolee Property.  
B. Kiosks are made available for inmate and CCAP probationer/parolee access in designated areas of the 
facility, the Facility Unit Head will establish the days and hours for access.  
C. Inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees may purchase any music offered for sale in the DOC Contract 
Vendor’s full music catalog. 
1. The DOC may, on a case -by-case basis, restrict or prohibit access to songs that promotes violence, 
criminality, or other behavior that could be disruptive to facility operations and have it removed from 
the catalog.  
2. All downloaded content including songs must comply with  the Specific Criteria for Publication 
Disapproval section of this operating procedure.  
3. The Facility Unit Head or designee can request that the DOC restrict or prohibit access to a song, 
remove a song from the catalog, or remove a song from an inmate’s and CCAP probationer’s/parolee’s 
music account by notifying the Operations Support Manager of the song’s title and reason s for 
restriction.  
4. When the DOC restricts or prohibits a song and the contract vendor removes the song from an inmate’s 
or CCAP probationer’s/parolee’s account, the contract vendor will refund the cost of the song.  
D. Staff can inspect and search a ll content downloaded and on the inmate’s  and CCAP 
probationer’s/parolee’s media device.  
E.  Downloading Media Files from Vendor Provided Kiosks 
1. Inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees may login to the kiosk up to two times per day with a 
minimum time of one hour between each login. 
2. Each session will last no more than 15 minutes. 
3. The system will time out after two minutes of inactivity. 
4. Inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees are limited to a maximum of 10 previews per 15 -minute 
session, each preview will last no more than 30 seconds.   
5. Inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees must submit a trouble ticket through the kiosk to address

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 13 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
any issues with the system.  Only one trouble ticket will be active at a time, any additional trouble 
tickets submitted will remain inactive until the active ticket is resolved.  
XI. Commercially Distributed Photographs 
A. Inmates and CCAP probationers/parolees can receive up to five commercially distributed photographs 
with a maximum size of 8”x10” each month.  
1. Once the inmate or CCAP probationer/parolee has met the five commercial photograph per month 
limit, staff will require the inmate or CCAP probationer/parolee to properly dispose of all 
commercially distributed photographs received at the facility that exceed the limit.  
2. Staff will notify the inmate and CCAP probationer/parolee using the Notice of Unauthorized 
Correspondence 803_F2 and will provide them with the opportunity to determine the method of 
disposition using the Property Disposition 802_F4. 
B. The vendor must mail all commercially distributed photographs directly to the Central Mail Distribution 
Center for screening and inspection; see Operating Procedure 803.4, Central Mail Distribution Center.  
1. Staff will dispose of all commercially distributed photographs that were not mailed to the Central Mail 
Distribution Center for screening and inspection and will notify the inmate or CCAP 
probationer/parolee using the Notice of Unauthorized Correspondence 803_F2.  
2. The vendor must print or affix their identification information on each commercially distributed 
photograph.  
3. The vendor identification information must include the vendor’s name and address.   
4. If there is a reasonable suspicion that the vendor is not legitimate or that the vendor’s identification 
information is not legitimate, the Facility Unit Head will inform the relevant Regional Administrator 
who will notify the Deputy Director for Institutions and requ est that the distributor be disapproved 
statewide. 
C. Search and Inspection Process 
1. Staff will open and search all commercial distributor correspondence containing c ommercially 
distributed photographs in the same manner as incoming general correspondence.   
a. Staff will photocopy the envelope and shred the original envelope in the facility mailroom.   
b. Staff will deliver the  copy of the envelope to the inmate and CCAP probationer/parolee with the 
commercially distributed photographs provided the inmate or CCAP probationer/parolee has not 
met the five commercially distributed photographs per month limit.  
2. Staff must review all commercially distributed photographs individually to determine if the content of 
the photograph poses a threat to personal or facility safety and security or violates Attachment 1, 
Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval.  
a. Commercially distributed photographs of an individual who has a known personal association with 
the inmate are considered a personal photograph for that individual and are subject to the criteria 
established for personal photographs; see Operating Procedure 803.1, Incoming Inmate and CCAP 
Probationer/Parolee Correspondence. 
b. Commercially distributed photographs that by the nature of their content poses a threat to personal 
or facility safety and security, or that violate  Attachment 1,  Specific Criteria for Publication 
Disapproval are prohibited.   
D. Processing commercially distributed photographs with sexually explicit content 
1. Sexually explicit content means actual or simulated sexual: (i) intercourse, including genital -genital, 
oral-genital, anal-genital, whether between persons of the same or opposite sex; (ii) bestiality; (iii) 
masturbation; (iv) sadistic or masochistic abuse; or (v) lascivious exhibi tion of the genitals or pubic 
area of any person; see 18 U.S.C. §2256(2)(A), Definitions for chapter.

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 14 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
2. Commercially distributed photographs depicting sexually explicit content must include an 18 U.S.C. 
§2257, Record keeping requirements compliance statement printed on or affixed to each individual 
photograph. 
3. This statement must certify  compliance with the provisions of 18 U .S.C. §2257, Record keeping 
requirements which requires vendors to verify that the models depicted in the photographs are 18 years 
of age or older.   
4. Sexually explicit content that violates Attachment 1, Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval is 
prohibited. 
5. Staff will review all p rinted catalog sheets containing multiple thumbnail prints of commercially 
distributed photographs for content.  
a. Each thumbnail print on a catalog sheet of commercially distributed photographs must be at least 
1 ½” x 1 ½” so staff can review the content of each print for compliance with Attachment 1, Specific 
Criteria for Publication Disapproval. 
b. Catalogs sheets containing sexually explicit content must also include a statement certifying that 
they are complying with the provisions of 18 USC §2257, Record keeping requirements. 
E. Disapproved Commercially Distributed Photographs 
1. When staff determine a commercially distributed photograph or the thumb nail prints on a  catalog 
sheet is disapproved for inmate and CCAP probationer/parolee possession based on the content of the 
photograph, the staff member must notify the inmate and CCAP probationer/parolee using the Notice 
of Unauthorized Correspondence 803_F2 and provide the individual with the opportunity to determine 
the method of disposition using the Property Disposition 802_F4. 
2. Staff will disapprove commercially distributed photographs based on content, only.  The Deputy 
Director for Institutions will decide when a specific commercial distributor is not to conduct business 
in a DOC facility.  
a. The Facility Unit Head will forward their concerns regarding a specific commercial distributor i.e., 
photographs containing gang related content, evidence of criminal activity, or other security 
concerns with all supporting information and documentation to the Regional Administrator.  
b. The Regional Administrator will notify the Deputy Director for Institutions and request the 
distributor be disapproved statewide. 
c. When the Deputy Director for Institutions disapproves a distributor statewide, staff will place the 
distributor on the Disapproved Vendors - Publications and Commercially Distributed Photographs 
list. 
3. Staff must not send disapproved commercially distributed photographs to the Publication Review 
Committee.   
F. Inmates may appeal the  decision to disapprove their commercially distributed photograph through the 
Grievance Procedure.  CCAP probationers/parolees may appeal to the CCAP Facility Unit Head.  
G. Incoming commercially distributed photographs that are prohibited for inmate possession and must be 
disposed of at the inmate’s or CCAP  probationer’s/parolee’s expense; see with Operating Procedure 
802.1, Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Property. 
REFERENCES 
18 U.S.C. §2256, Definitions for chapter  
18 U.S.C. §2257, Record keeping requirements  
COV §18.2-374, Production, publication, sale, possession, etc., of obscene items  
COV §18.2-374.1:1, Possession, reproduction, distribution, solicitation, and facilitation of child pornography; 
penalty

Operating Procedure 803.2 Publications, Commercially Distributed Photographs, Media Files Effective Date: April 1, 2024 
 
 
 
 Page 15 of 15 VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
 
COV §18.2-390, Definitions  
COV §18.2-391, Unlawful acts; penalties  
COV §53.1-67.9, Establishment of community corrections alternative program; supervision upon completion  
Operating Procedure 802.1, Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Property  
Operating Procedure 803.1, Inmate and CCAP Probationer/Parolee Correspondence 
Operating Procedure 803.4, Central Mail Distribution Center  
Operating Procedure 861.1, Inmate Discipline 
Operating Procedure 866.1, Offender Grievance Procedure 
ATTACHMENTS 
Attachment 1, Specific Criteria for Publication Disapproval 
Attachment 2, Approved Vendors - Foreign Language Publications  
FORM CITATIONS 
Personal Property Request - Add/Drop 802_F1 
Property Disposition 802_F4  
Notice of Unauthorized Correspondence 803_F2 
Notification of Publication Review Committee Disapproval 803_F10 
Publication Disapproval Notification 803_F11 
Disapproved Publications Log 803_F12 
Notification to Publisher of Publication Disapproval 803_F13