Sheriff | Waukesha County This website uses cookies to enhance usability and provide you with a more personal experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy . Agree Expand Search Emergency: 9-1-1 Non Emergency: 262-446-5070 Law Enforcement Center: 262-548-7122 Jail: 262-548-7170 Business Office: 262-548-7117 Hours: Business Office 8 a.m. – 4:30 p.m., Monday - Friday Law Enforcement Center Lobby Services 24/7 - 365 Waukesha County Sheriff's Office The Waukesha County Sheriff’s Office shall serve all citizens of Waukesha County by maintaining and providing the quality means and services necessary to protect life and property through the fair and impartial enforcement of federal, state and local laws. To preserve the safety and security of the community, the Waukesha County Sheriff’s Office shall make every effort to provide the citizens of Waukesha County with the best law enforcement services possible and shall endeavor to treat all citizens with dignity and respect. To these ends, the Waukesha County Sheriff’s Office is committed to not only its traditional and time-honored statutory responsibilities, but to the maintenance of a visible presence to the citizens in the community as a full-service law enforcement agency, devoted to the preservation of their safety and security. Eric J. Severson Waukesha County Sheriff Hours and Available Services About Us Business Office and Administrative Services Careers Community Programs and Events Co Responder Program - Embedded Mental Health Professionals Court Services Division Detective Bureau Jail Division Law Enforcement Services Media - Public Information Specialized Units Waukesha County Drug Task Force Waukesha County Public Safety - Person Specific Information for First Responders Events Calendar 29th Annual Waukesha County Sheriff’s K-9 Motorcycle Ride August 01, 2026 CCW - Concealed Carry Weapons Class August 19, 2026 CCW - Concealed Carry Weapons Class August 22, 2026 View All Events Eddie Eagle GunSafe Program Classes are free and will be held at the Waukesha County Sheriff's Department on: June 24th, 2026 Session 1: 10:00 am-11:00 am Session 2: 6:00 pm-7:00 pm Registration form- Click Here TO REGISTER BY MAIL, RETURN COMPLETED FORMS TO: WSD Eddie Eagle Program, 515 W. Moreland Blvd., Waukesha, WI 53188 TO REGISTER BY E-MAIL-RETURN COMPLETED FORMS TO: jbogie@waukeshacounty.gov Animal Welfare Information Local Animal Laws Crime Stoppers Submit a tip and view most wanted. Community Appearances Request a community appearance. Emergency Preparedness Immigration and Customs Enforcement 287(g) Program Information Medication Collection Drop Box Locations - Drug Take Back Day Information PulsePoint Building informed communities through citizens response. Use of Force Policy Paper copies are available via the Business Office. VINE Victims Have the Right to Know Waukesha County Communications Processing calls for 20 police departments and 17 fire departments. Connect With Us! Back to top I Want To... Find Deeds/Land Records Tax Information Parks Road Conditions & Closures Vital Records (Birth, Death, and Marriage Certificates) Voting/Election Information Bid & Contract Opportunities A Library Pay Fees & Payments Directory Court Fines or Fees HHS Online Payments Property Taxes Child Support Bail Apply Careers Permit / License Directory Park Permit Marriage License Passport Information Attend Jury Duty Court Board & Committee Meetings Events Report Crime Fraud Claims & Complaints Ethics Violations Accessibility Issues Road Issues