Gadsden County Sheriff's Office Skip to content Gadsden County Sheriff’s Office | 339 East Jefferson Street, Quincy, Florida 32351 |(850) 627-9233 Skip to content Website Slider Slide 2 Gadsden County Sheriff's Office Serving & Protecting Our Community With Honesty, Integrity, and Trust CRIME REPORTING Website Slider Slide 2 Gadsden County Sheriff's Office Serving & Protecting Our Community With Honesty, Integrity, and Trust CRIME REPORTING Quicklinks 1 Quicklinks 4 Quicklinks 6 Quicklinks 5 Quicklinks 2 Quicklinks 7 Quicklinks 8 Welcome to the Gadsden County Sheriff’s Office website. It is my privilege to command one of the finest and most well equipped law enforcement agencies in America staffed by some of the most highly trained and dedicated law enforcement professionals in the business of serving and protecting their community. I take great pride in the fact that Gadsden County, Florida is my home and that I grew up in the very same community that I have committed 23 years of my life in the realm of public safety and service to the community. And because this is my home I will do everything necessary to maintain the quality of life that makes Gadsden County, Florida one of the finest places in the United States to live, work, and play. I trust you will enjoy your visit to our website and I invite you to check back often. Thank you. Gallery-Slider-4 Gallery-Slider-1 Gallery-Slider-2 Gallery-Slider-3 Command Staff Colonel Robert Barkley, Corrections Bureau Chief Colonel Robert Barkley is the Corrections Bureau Chief for the Gadsden County Sheriff’s Office Joined the Gadsden County Sheriff’s Office in November 2008. He has over 30 years of law enforcement experience in Gadsden County and has served as Chief of Police of Quincy Florida. Where he has the privilege of being an Investigator, Sergeant, Lieutenant Captain and currently serves as Corrections Bureau Chief of Gadsden County. He completed numerous training with the Federal Bureau of Investigations Training Academy and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement’s Criminal Justice Executive Institute. Learn more… Colonel Bobby Collins Law Enforcement Bureau Chief Colonel Bobby Collins is the Law Enforcement Bureau Chief for the Gadsden County Sheriff’s Office. Colonel Collins background entails service in the US Army’s elite 82nd Airborne Division, as a US Paratrooper, Colonel Collins received several distinctions and accommodations during his service in the Army. Colonel Collins also served in the Florida National Guard. Colonel Collins earned a bachelor’s degree from Saint Leo University. He has over 30 years of Law Enforcement experience. Colonel Collin’s law enforcement career began in 1991 with the Florida Highway Patrol. Learn more… Our Officers Ensuring Gadsden County is a safe place to work and live. Press Releases July 13, 2023 Gadsden County Sheriff’s S.W.A.T. support Crisp County Georgia Deputy who was killed in line of duty Gadsden County- Gadsden County Sheriff’s S.W.A.T. support Crisp County Georgia Deputy who was killed in line of duty Today, July... Read More Press Releases July 13, 2023 Look Before You Lock and save a Life! Read More Press Releases July 13, 2023 Training Opportunity Only ⭐️TRAINING OPPORTUNITY ONLY *This Does Not guarantee employment The Gadsden County Sheriff's Office is Currently accepting applications for the “Coach... Read More View More Connect with Us QuickLinks Home About the Sheriff Arrest Reports Alerts County Jail Roster Finance Contact Our Office Contact Information Morris A. Young 339 East Jefferson Street Quincy , FL , 32351 gcso@tds.net Phone: (850) 627-9233 Our Location Website by MuniCreative Share