Sheriff's Office | Beltrami County This website uses cookies to enhance usability and provide you with a more personal experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy. Agree New Website Domain Name Beltrami County's website domain name is changing to beltramicountymn.gov to be in compliance with the following statute. MN Statute 471.3422 Close alert Expand Search Beltrami County Sheriff's Office Section Menu The Beltrami County Sheriff’s Office is responsible for patrolling over 3,000 square miles and protecting over 47,000 county residents. By some estimates, the summertime population more than doubles with tourists who are attracted to the area’s resorts and outdoor recreation opportunities. The Sheriff's Office is responsible for the safety of everyone using our forests and waterways. We are dedicated to the principles of protection and service. We will work in partnership with the community by offering professional administration and enforcement of all federal, state and local laws, as well as being responsible for the provision of other services to the public through all divisions of the Sheriff’s Office. Select which services we can assist from the menu below. For a menu of all the services provided by the Sheriff's Office, please visit Public Safety and Law Enforcement The Records Division processes purchase/carry gun permits, police reports, water use permits and many other forms. They also handle walk-in service during business hours. Records is open Monday through Friday 8am-4:30pm, closed on state/federal holidays. 218-333-4187 To reach our Emergency Communications Division non-emergency dispatch line, please call 218-333-9111. This is who to contact to report non-emergency calls for service such as theft, non-injury crashes and missing pets. During an emergency, always call 911. The Adult Correction Center has more information, including inmate lists currently in custody list. The phone number for the jail is 218-333-4189. "To protect the lives, rights, privileges and property of the Citizens of Beltrami County in a way that preserves the public's trust." Contact Us Law Enforcement Center 613 Minnesota Ave NW Bemidji, MN 56601 Phone: 218-333-9111 email Monday-Friday 8 am - 4:30 pm Contact Us County Administration 701 Minnesota Ave. NW Bemidji, MN 56601 webmaster@beltramicountymn.gov Resources Sitemap Privacy Policy Careers Employee Access Connect With Us Back to top