Inmate Information - Washington County, WI Skip to Content {1} ##LOC[OK]## MENU Side Navigation Skip Sidebar Navigation Inmate Information c Inmate Information Last item for navigation Inmate Information Quick Links Inmate Accounts Inmate Calls, Cells, Hygiene Inmate Mail/Magazines/Books Inmate Mandates Inmate Medical Services Inmate Personal Services Inmate Programs and Recreation Inmate Accounts Washington Co Jail gives each inmate an inmate account. This is funded either from monies provided by the inmate or from friends and relatives donating to the account. Any funds that are added to an inmate's account, may be used to satisfy any current debt. Inmate Accounts Commissary: A commissary has been established to provide inmates with a means of purchasing items not provided by the Jail. These items include playing cards, candy, beverages, snacks and personal hygiene items. All commissary items are to be requested by using the "Phone It In" System. The request on the Phone It In System must be completed by 10:00pm on Tuesday and commissary items will be distributed on Friday by 10:00pm. You should examine your order in the presence of the issuing officer. Your signing of the commissary receipt acknowledges your acceptance of the order. Commissary may not be used for any type of gambling or bartering. Money must be deposited into your account no later than Tuesday evening. Once the deposit is made, the funds will remain in that account until you are released. All Huber inmates make sure to have enough monies in the account to cover room and board and the commissary ordered. There is a $60 purchase limit per week. Lobby Kiosk: All cash and credit card transactions for inmates are to be made in the Kiosk located in the Jail Front Lobby. The inmate I.D. Number or the inmate’s name and date of birth is used to identify the account that funds will be credited to. If you have any concerns about the inmates account you can speak with the Account Clerks during their scheduled hours of 9am-9pm Monday thru Friday, excluding holidays. To put money on an inmate's account you will need the inmate's name and date of birth. There are fees included for using the Kiosk. If using cash there is a $2.75 fee for one transaction with $500.00 limit. If using a credit card, there is a fee of $4.95 with a limit of $100. You can enter up to two credit card transactions per week. Inmate Calls, Cells, Hygiene Inmates at the Washington County WI Jail have the opportunity to make phone calls based on their classification and status. They are charged with the responsibility of keeping their cells clean and adequate hygiene. Inmate Rules Phone Calls You will be allowed to use the telephone at the time you are booked into the Jail if you have been cooperative. During the day, you will have access to a phone from 5:30am through 10:00pm providing you have not lost this privilege as a result of disciplinary action. Phone calls on the Jail phones will be monitored and conversations may be taped. Your attorney phone calls will not be taped but the inmate is responsible for providing the attorney’s office phone number so it can be blocked on the computer from being taped. You may use the phone in the morning as soon as your daily cleanup is completed. All calls will be made collect to the number you are calling, or phone time may be purchased from Commissary. Inmates must turn in an ICS Calling Minutes form to the accountant with the amount of money to be placed on their phone account. There is a maximum of $50.00. Any abuse of the phone, annoying phone calls, or arguments as to who is going to use the phone, will result in a conduct report on you and the loss of phone or other privileges for a period of time. There will be no incoming calls allowed and no messages will be relayed to inmates. If you were sentenced to the County Jail and not placed in Jail as a condition of your probation, you may earn up to ¼ good time. Linen Change There will be a full and partial exchange for all inmates weekly. You may not send your wash out of the Jail for laundering. The full linen exchange includes: uniform, socks, towel, (2) sheets, washcloth, and T-shirt. The partial linen exchange includes: socks, towel, washcloth, and T-shirt. Altering or destroying anything issued to you is not allowed and will be referred to the District Attorney for charges, or issued a citation, and/or disciplinary action. For straight-time inmates, lock-up is at 10:00pm to 5:30am in cells. All inmates, non-working hubers and those who do not have Huber status will restrict their noise level when the lights and televisions are shut off. Showers Straight-time inmates will be allowed to shower between 5:30am -- 6:30am, or 9:00pm -- 10:00pm daily. Inmates are responsible for their own personal hygiene and are required to shower at least three times per week. Razors are distributed once weekly after cells are opened in the AM and according to the schedule posted in the dorm and are to be returned with the cap in place that same day. Any misuse of or damage to the razor will result in loss of this privilege. Any inmate that is deemed a risk of suicide, self-injury, or aggression will not be allowed use of a razor. A Sergeant can authorize use for exceptions; such as court, revocation hearings, etc. Huber inmates will be allowed access to the showers during reasonable hours. The Corrections Officers will issue razors to Huber inmates based on the Huber schedules. Inmate Mail/Magazines/Books Washington Co Jail inmates are allowed to send out mail and receive mail magazines and books meeting the below criteria. Inmate Mail All outgoing mail must have the inmate’s complete name on the return address and will be handed out unsealed. Letters may be inspected. All letters must be mailed in the envelopes provided through the Jail or Jail commissary. There will be no writing or drawings on the outside of the envelopes. No mail will be allowed between inmates in the jurisdiction of the Washington County Jail. If your mail does not meet the above standards, it will not be forwarded. Postage for outgoing privileged mail will be paid by the Jail within a reasonable limit. All incoming mail may be opened, inspected, and scanned into our kiosk system. The exception is privileged mail. Privileged mail is defined by Wisconsin Administrative Code DOC 350.03(18) as “Any written materials between an inmate and an attorney”. Incoming privileged mail will be opened in the inmate’s presence to verify the sender, and checked for contraband. Original copies of the mail that is scanned into the kiosk system will be placed into the inmate’s property. Mail or publications, which are deemed inappropriate in a Jail setting, will not be delivered. There will be no notes passed between cell blocks, nor will letters or notes be accepted at the front counter. The exception to this would be legal documents at the discretion of the Jail staff. Magazines and Books You may receive magazines or newspapers by subscription. You may only receive 3 periodicals per month. (Daily newspapers would be considered 1 periodical for a month.) HARD COVERED BOOKS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. Soft covered (paperback) books must be sent directly from the publisher, Bookstore, or Amazon and must arrive via U.S. Mail or UPS only. Make sure the inmate's name is listed on the address label. Any periodicals exploiting graphic nudity, offensive sexual contact, criminal activity, or tattooing will be placed in the inmate’s property until released from custody. The Jail's mailing address: Washington County Jail, 500 Rolfs Avenue, West Bend, WI 53090. Cards removed from magazines for free catalogs, information, and/or subscriptions for magazines, etc., will not be mailed unless mailed in an envelope sold through the commissary. The Jail is not responsible for any bills incurred by the inmates for any mailed or returned publications. Packages will not be accepted at the Jail unless they contain items allowed in the inmate’s property. The staff, to assure compliance with the restrictions listed, will conduct routine inspections. Excessive amounts of magazines or books will be placed in the inmate’s property. Excessive newspapers will be discarded. Inmates must cooperate during housing area searches and inspections. All outgoing mail must have the inmate’s complete name on the return address and will be handed out unsealed. Letters may be inspected. All letters must be mailed in the envelopes provided through the Jail or Jail commissary. There will be no writing or drawings on the outside of the envelopes. No mail will be allowed between inmates in the jurisdiction of the Washington County Jail. If your mail does not meet the above standards, it will not be forwarded. Postage for outgoing privileged mail will be paid by the Jail within a reasonable limit. All incoming mail may be opened, inspected, and scanned into our kiosk system. The exception is privileged mail. Privileged mail is defined by Wisconsin Administrative Code DOC 350.03(18) as “Any written materials between an inmate and an attorney”. Incoming privileged mail will be opened in the inmate’s presence to verify the sender, and checked for contraband. Original copies of the mail that is scanned into the kiosk system will be placed into the inmate’s property. Mail or publications, which are deemed inappropriate in a Jail setting, will not be delivered. There will be no notes passed between cell blocks, nor will letters or notes be accepted at the front counter. The exception to this would be legal documents at the discretion of the Jail staff. Magazines and Books You may receive magazines or newspapers by subscription. You may only receive 3 periodicals per month. (Daily newspapers would be considered 1 periodical for a month.) HARD COVERED BOOKS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. Soft covered (paperback) books must be sent directly from the publisher, Bookstore, or Amazon and must arrive via U.S. Mail or UPS only. Make sure the inmate's name is listed on the address label. Any periodicals exploiting graphic nudity, offensive sexual contact, criminal activity, or tattooing will be placed in the inmate’s property until released from custody. The Jail's mailing address: Washington County Jail, 500 Rolfs Avenue, West Bend, WI 53090. Cards removed from magazines for free catalogs, information, and/or subscriptions for magazines, etc., will not be mailed unless mailed in an envelope sold through the commissary. The Jail is not responsible for any bills incurred by the inmates for any mailed or returned publications. Packages will not be accepted at the Jail unless they contain items allowed in the inmate’s property. The staff, to assure compliance with the restrictions listed, will conduct routine inspections. Excessive amounts of magazines or books will be placed in the inmate’s property. Excessive newspapers will be discarded. Inmates must cooperate during housing area searches and inspections. Inmate Mandates Inmates have certain mandates regarding their stay in a county jail. Included in these mandates is the right for the jail to obtain a photograph and fingerprints. Along with that, the inmate has the right to give Correction Officers a written complaint or grievance. Photo and Prints State law requires that all persons who are booked into the Jail must be photographed and fingerprinted, mainly for identification. It also requires that a new set of fingerprints must be taken for each new charge. Inmates refusing to cooperate will not be released even though bond may be posted. Inmate Complaints/Grievances At times during your incarceration you may have a basis for a complaint that deals with personal health and welfare or operations and services of the facility, NOT to dispute Jail rules. You are encouraged to resolve your complaint with the Corrections Officer on duty whenever possible. If this cannot be accomplished, a written complaint or grievance form should be completed and turned over to the Officer on duty to be forwarded to the Shift Sergeant for review and comment. You will receive a copy of this review. We will only accept individual complaints/grievances. Any appeal to the Sergeant's review would go to the Lieutenant and Captain, in that order. Grievances must follow this procedure to be addressed accordingly. Inmate Medical Services Inmates at the Washington County Jail are given medical attention when needed and/or requested. There is a Registered Nurse and physicians on call, when not present in the Jail.. Physician's have regular visits and meet with inmates who make appointments or need immediate attention. Medical Services The Washington County jail is currently contracted with Advance Correctional Healthcare for Nursing staff. Health services are accredited through the National Commission on Corrections Health Care. Inmates sentenced under the Huber Law are responsible for all medical costs incurred while in custody. Non-Huber inmates are responsible for medical costs incurred at the Washington County Jail based on the Medical Care Information – Inmate Co-Payments noted on the inside cover of the handbook. No inmate will be denied medical treatment because of his or her inability to pay. An inmate requiring medical attention should inform the Duty Corrections Officer that you are requesting an Inmate Sick Care Request Form to be completed and returned to the Officer on duty. These forms will be forwarded to the Jail medical staff for review. If you have a medical need that you feel is an emergency, notify the Duty Corrections Officer as soon as possible, so that arrangements can be made for treatment. The Corrections Officer under the direction of the Jail medical staff will distribute all prescription and non-prescription medications. Any attempt to conceal medication will be reported to the medical staff and may result in discontinuation of the medication and also in disciplinary action. All non-prescription drugs provided by the Jail will only be issued on the schedule currently enforced. All inmates who are expected to remain in the custody of the Washington County Jail for fourteen (14) days or longer are eligible for a Health Appraisal, including a TB test conducted by its Jail medical staff. Mental Health Services and evaluations are provided by the Washington County Mental Health Center. If you need to talk to the Mental Health Clinician, you will need to fill out a request slip or request a meeting through your housing unit's kiosk. If you need to talk to a crisis worker, please notify the Jail staff and we will contact them for you. Inmate Personal Services The Washington County WI Jail issues each inmate personal hygiene items, special diets, TV time and more. All of these are given according to state and federal guidelines. Many of these are privileges which may be withheld in certain circumstances. Issued Items at Booking After you are booked, you will be issued a uniform, (1) washcloth, (2) boxers (1) boxer for employed Hubers, (2) sheets, (1) towel, (2) blankets, (1) pair of sandals, and (1) pair of socks. Soap, toothpaste, (1) toothbrush, comb, and a Styrofoam cup will be provided when you are moved out of the receiving area. One complete set of clothing must be kept in the Jail at all times. Any property left in the Jail after 30 days of your release will be disposed of. Special Diets Requests for special diets will be reviewed by the medical staff and the jail chaplain. Non-compliance with diet will be just cause to cancel special diet. Television Television will be turned on and newspapers handed out after cell blocks are cleaned and beds are made, meeting the approval of the Duty Corrections Officer. Sunday through Friday, television in straight-time cell blocks and unemployed Hubers will be turned off at 10:00pm. NO EXCEPTIONS!! Wake-up Time Wake up time is 5:30am for straight-time, unemployed Huber, and Huber discipline blocks. All cell lights are on until lock down. Inmates must first make their bed and clean up their cell to meet the approval of the Duty Corrections Officer. All Inmates will help with the clean up of the day room. Breakfast will then be served at 7:00am. Inmate Programs and Recreation Adult inmates, as well as juveniles are given some type of recreational activities 7 days a week. These specific activities vary from movies, TV, board or card games, etc. Programs Offered to Inmates Bible Study groups Education GED/HSED AODA AA Mental Health Counseling Parenting Recreation and Library/Law Library Recreation will be offered to inmates as often as feasible. The Jail staff will determine the hours. (Schedule will be posted with hours in your pod.) Library books and magazines will be available in each pod or dorm. These books and magazines will be rotated. You will be allowed to have 2 games in your possession. List of games approved will be posted. Various newspapers are provided to keep you informed of current events. You are not to tear or write on these publications since others will also read them. You may subscribe to the West Bend News or Journal/Sentinel. You are responsible for making sure that the delivery person somehow identifies your paper. A written request on an Inmate Request Form can be submitted to use the Law Library or you may access the Law Library content on your housing unit's kiosk.