Wayne County, NE | Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Contact Us Quick Links ** Due to carpet installation on the Main Level of the Courthouse, please be aware that wait times in offices may be longer than usual. Thank you for your patience. ** Applications available for the Wayne County Road Maintenance District 1 Positions *Read more about the NDOT 2025 BIP Grant Survey here* **New for Wayne County: TextMyGov** Wayne County, NE is thrilled to introduce TextMyGov, a convenient and smart text messaging service! This service will enable residents to effortlessly receive important notifications about severe weather closings, events, etc. To enroll, complete the steps in the widget found on the lower right hand corner of the webpage or access more information at our TextMyGov page . For ease of knowing that you will be receiving official notifications from Wayne County, a message containing a digital contact card will be sent to those who have opted in to our TextMyGov alert system. iPhone users: Create a New Contact. Android users: Download & import the contact info (a link for android users will be provided in the message). Also note: you can opt out of receiving messages at anytime. Wayne County Register of Deeds Numerical Indexes are ONLINE ! Please visit the Register of Deeds page for more information. How do I find my lot lines? Do I need a building permit in Wayne County? Is there zoning in Wayne County? How do I find the owner of record on a property? How do I find out how much my taxes are? Are you going to take my value off because of a natural disaster? What is Homestead Exemption and How Do I Qualify? /FAQ.aspx Wayne County 510 Pearl Street Wayne, NE 68787 Phone: 402-375-2288 Fax: 402-375-4137 Courthouse Hours: Monday - Friday 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Deed Search County Court Drivers Licenses /QuickLinks.aspx Nebraska Extension in Wayne County Wayne County Assessor's Office Wayne County Sheriff's Office /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Copyright Notices Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close < ---- Start TextMyGov----> Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow