Mail | Hancock County, IN Skip to Main Content *ALERT* *SCAM ALERT - BE AWARE* Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search CustomLinks_2 Hancock County Jail Mail Mail All inmates of the Hancock County Jail may send and receive correspondence through the U.S. Postal Service. No mail, notes or photographs may be dropped off at the jail for inmates. Mail that is received at the Hancock County Jail for an inmate that has been released or transferred to another facility will be returned to the sender. The exception to this would be if they are “temped out”, meaning temporarily in another facility and we know for sure, they will be back, we hold it in their file. Address for incoming mail to a Hancock County Jail Inmate: Inmate Name, Block letter Hancock County Jail 398 Malcolm Grass Way Greenfield, IN 46140 Please be certain to have your return address, including your name, in the upper left hand corner of the envelope. (This will ensure the return of the letter in case the inmate has left our facility.) Mail will not be delivered to the inmate without a proper return address. Books or acceptable magazines may be mailed in from the publisher. Such as a magazine subscription or direct from a book company. Unacceptable Mail Items The following items are not allowed in the Hancock County Jail. Including any of these items included will result in items not being delivered to inmate: No stickers, perfume, glitter, or other material on envelopes or letters No polaroid pictures No pornographic or sexually explicit photos No photos depicting violence No cards of any type (Due to increasing risk of contraband, no cards allowed. Any cards will be placed in inmate property and held until release.) All personal mail is inspected for any and all types of contraband. Agendas & Minutes Employment Tax Information Commissioners Report a Concern Online Payments Ordinances & Resolutions Permits Webmaster Animal Control Election Office Health Department Public Records Request GIS / Tax Information /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow