Department of Corrections | Sullivan County, NH Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments County Departments Department of Corrections Department of Corrections *Notice to change of personal inmate mail procedures* Effective January 12, 2026 All incoming mail must be sent to the following address: Inmate Name and ID# C/O Securus Digital Mail Center-Sullivan PO BOX 20407 Tampa FL 33622 Once the mail is received at the Securus Digital Mail Center, it will be digitally scanned and available to be viewed on tablets and/or kiosks. Failure to properly address the envelope may result in your mail being returned or delayed. Pictures, drawings, etc. will be accepted for scanning and delivered in the same manner. Anything that cannot be scanned will be returned to the sender. This includes but is not limited to paper that exceeds 8.5x 11 inches and all non-paper items. All packages and certified mail will be returned to the sender. Any person sending any personal mail that wishes to have it returned to them must include a self-addressed, stamped envelope included with the original mail. All physical mail will be destroyed 60 days after it is uploaded. Mission Statement Our mission is to execute the court orders while providing the highest level of safety and security for our community, staff, and offenders. To provide a humane environment that promotes personal growth and rehabilitation for the offender to reduce recidivism. Consistently striving to have a strong sense of duty and promote integrity, respect, loyalty, and teamwork in our daily actions, setting a positive example for others to follow. To conduct ourselves in a professional manner and treat all offenders with respect, offering them the opportunity to better themselves through programming, education and counseling. Encouraging and empowering them to take responsibility for their actions. We will strive to do our best to never act in a manner that diminishes the integrity of our community, ourselves, fellow officers or our facility. We will never seek personal favors or advantage in the performance of our duties. Transitional Re-Entry and Inmate Life Skills ( TRAILS ) Program The Community Corrections Center ( CCC ) is a 72 bed unit that houses the TRAILS program, which targets offenders with co-occurring substance abuse and mental health disorders, seeks to reduce the number of court-involved adult offenders returning to custody by engaging them in intensive therapeutic case management and transition planning. This program, which launched in 2010, reduces recidivism rates to 20 percent. Inmates are required to do ninety days of in-house programming; which includes classes on alcohol and substance abuse, cognitive problem solving, anger management, GED preparation, wellness, re-entry, job preparation, restorative justice and other various topics, while living in the CCC. Trails Program Brochure (PDF) Our Values P rofessionalism R ehabilitation I ntegrity D iversity E xcellence Visiting Hours The DOC will be conducting at home video visits only. Go to www.securustech.net to enroll in at home video visitation. If you sign up for a visit during an unauthorized time any funds you have paid will not be refunded. Victim Information Notification Please visit: Vinelink.com . Tour Appointments Please feel free to contact our department with the means that best fits your convenience via phone at 603-542- 0376. Contact Us Department of Corrections Email the Department of Corrections Physical Address 103 County Farm Road Unity , NH 03743 Mailing Address 103 County Farm Road Claremont , NH 03743 Phone: 603-542-8717 Fax: 603-542-0239 Directory Property Information - parcel #, lot #, taxes, liens, zoning ordinances, etc. Where do I get information about Criminal History Record Requests? Where can I obtain a certified copy of a birth, death, marriage, or divorce certificate? View All /FAQ.aspx Employment Love Sullivan RFB, RFP & RFQs Sullivan County Health Care Sullivan County 5 Nursing Home Dr, 1100 County Offices Unity, NH 03743 Phone: 603-863-2560 Contact Us Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Government Websites by CivicPlus® Disclaimer /QuickLinks.aspx Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow