Visitation and Mail for Inmates | Wagoner County Sheriff's Office OffenderWatch | File a Report | Download our App 307 E. Cherokee St., Wagoner, OK 74467 Phone: 918-485-3124 For Emergencies Dial 911 Inmate Phone & Video Visitation All visitation is done through our vendor City Tele Coin on a kiosk-based system. Indigent inmates may request to have a free online visit. View the Visitation Guidelines View the Inmate Mail Guidelines After your account has been created you can download the City Tele Coin app from iTunes or Google Play. To video chat and send emails using the app or the City Tele Coin website, select the facility to set up a remote account for the inmate. Apple Store Google Play Video Visitation Guidelines Inmate visitation is a privilege for both the inmate and the visitor. Inmate visitation privileges can be revoked at any time for disciplinary reasons. Visitors can have their privileges revoked for violating visitation rules or other improper behavior. Visitors must be at least 18 years of age or have their parent or legal guardian present. No nudity, no illicit or illegal activity that may result in a chargeable offense for the visitor and or the inmate. Wagoner County Jail has the right to shut off any visit at any time. All video visits will be monitored and recorded. Inmate Mail Policy Inmates have the ability to correspond with family and friends by mail, inmates can also receive mail from the same. It is important to note, all mail is opened and checked for contraband (illegal smuggled items) prior to being given to the inmate. A reminder that assisting in or bringing contraband into any detention facility may be punishable in a court of law. If you would like to correspond with an inmate by mail, please use the address listed below. Inmates will not be allowed to correspond with other inmates whether in the same facility or another facility. Correspondence must include your first and last name as well as your return address. If this is not included on the letter, it will be returned to you. Items not Allowed: Newspapers Magazines Polaroid Pictures More than 3-5 Photos per letter Pens, pencils, stamps, envelopes, blank paper, cards with musical devices, etc. Only items that can be scanned will be processed Address Inmate mail as follows: Inmate Name c/o Wagoner County Detention Center 307 E Cherokee Wagoner OK 74467 Follow Us on Social Media © 2026 Wagoner County Sheriff's Office | All Rights Reserved Accessibility | Copyright | Terms of Use Site by: SheriffWebsites.com