Fayette County Sheriff's Office, Lexington, KY | Kathy H. Witt, Fayette County Sheriff Select Page Kathy H. Witt Sheriff 150 N. Limestone, Suite 265 Lexington, KY 40507 TEL: (859) 252-1771 FAX: 859-259-0973 fayettesheriff@fayettesheriff.com ابق على اطلاع دائم بجميع الكازينوهات الجديدة على الإنترنت على موقعنا - 1xbet casino ! Juegue al casino en línea sin riesgos - Pinnacle ! Greatwin -Kommen Sie und melden Sie sich an, ein gutes Spiel wartet bereits auf Sie! Las mejores tragamonedas y ruletas solo con nosotros en - Cyberbet ! De nombreux jeux, une grande sélection de machines à sous, le tout au même endroit - Winspark ! A Message From the Sheriff The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff is committed to serving our community with honor, courage, and integrity, while enhancing the quality of life in our community. I am proud to lead our uniformed deputies and dedicated civilian personnel as they work every day to provide professional service to the citizens of Lexington. We are committed to be responsive to the unique needs of our community. By collaborating with other partner agencies we work together to meet the needs of our community. Through building dynamic partnerships with these other agencies, the Office of Sheriff promotes public safety and embodies the cooperative spirit that makes this community great. The Office of Sheriff has established many programs to help the citizens of Fayette County. Initiatives like Amanda’s Center, the Domestic Violence and Victim Services Division, The Sex Offender Compliance Unit, and the Fugitive and Extradition Division are just a few of the services we provide to strengthen our public safety response to our community. A community is stronger when its citizens are informed and involved, and the Office of Sheriff needs civilian engagement with its law enforcement efforts. New ideas and suggestions from citizens are vital to improving our service. I invite you to send us your thoughts and comments about the services we provide as we continue making the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff the best it can be for the citizens of Lexington. This website was designed to provide you with the information and resources you need from our office, from paying your property taxes to learning more about our community programs. It is my hope that through this website, you will gain an insight into the many ways our honorable deputies and staff work to serve you and our community. Sincerely, Kathy H. Witt Fayette County Sheriff From L-R: Laneshia Conner, Ricardo Franklin, Nancy Rowe, and Anita Franklin In loving memory of Ms. Anita Franklin “We appreciate all the kindness and support from everyone. Our mother was loved and respected by many. She wanted to give back to those less fortunate and she loved the neighborhood in which she grew up. She made it her responsibility to make it better for everyone.” Laneshia Conner and Ricardo Franklin, children of Anita Franklin Careers Join our team! The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff accepts applications for employment on a continual basis in order to fill both current and future positions. . Вавада выделяется быстрым выводом средств, простой регистрацией и дружелюбными требованиями к ставкам. Ещё Vavada предлагает ежемесячный кэшбэк — 10% от проигрышей. Активируйте накопленный кэшбэк с супер низкой ставкой x5, одной из лучших среди конкурентов. Discover the vibrant world of sweetbonanza ! With its colorful graphics and simple mechanics, this game offers endless fun for anyone looking for an entertaining online experience. Enjoy! Apply Now Most Wanted Sex Offender Compliance Unit Amanda's Center Property Tax MedReturn Project Lifeline Books & Badges Press Events Most Wanted The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff launched a partnership in 2011 with the Lexington Herald-Leader’s online site, Kentucky.com , to further our efforts in locating wanted fugitives from Fayette County. Lexington’s Most Wanted is a project focused on highlighting suspects who are evading the law. A weekly lineup of 15 Most Wanted fugitives are posted on the website every Wednesday morning. This partnership has generated a vast response from members of our community, which has resulted in the apprehension of many wanted fugitives. If you have any information regarding the whereabouts of these fugitives, please contact the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff at (859) 252-1771 immediately. Visit Kentucky.com every Wednesday to view the weekly listing of Lexington’s Most Wanted . Sex Offender Compliance Unit The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff’s Sex Offender Compliance Unit verifies registered addresses of convicted sex offenders who live within Fayette County. This unit also notifies citizens living in the neighborhood in which the convicted offender moves into. Please visit the Sex Offender Compliance Unit page for more information. Amanda’s Center for Local Resources Amanda’s Center for Local Resources was opened in October 2012. It was named for Amanda C. L. Ross whose life was tragically cut short by an act of domestic violence. Amanda was a tireless crusader for victims’ rights and wanted nothing more than to use her life to help other victims in their time of need. In this spirit, Amanda’s family and friends have partnered with the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff to create a place that will act as both safe place and a guide to those dealing with domestic trauma. For more information, please see the full page on our Victim Services . Speak Up, Stand Up Campaign The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff launched their “ Speak Up, Stand Up ” campaign to raise domestic violence awareness. 1 in 3 women in Kentucky will experience an act of domestic violence in their lifetime. Join the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff in raising awareness that there is hope and resources available. If you are a victim or know someone who is, contact the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff’s Amanda’s Center at 859-252-1771 . http://fayettesheriff.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/speak-up-stand-up.mp4 Property Taxes The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff serves as the primary collector of current-year ad valorem taxes on real and tangible properties within Fayette County. Each year, the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff collects over 110,000 property tax bills worth nearly $260 million on behalf of our county’s eight taxing jurisdictions. The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff is responsible for the distribution of these collected taxes to the appropriate taxing authorities and all associated accounting. You may reach our Property Tax Division at 859-252-1771 between 8:00 AM and 4:00 PM weekdays ( 6:00 PM during the month of October ) or by email at fayettesheriff@fayettesheriff.com . For more information, please see our Property Tax FAQ . MedReturn Program Dispose of unwanted medicines in a safe and environmentally friendly way. A MedReturn Drug Collection Unit is now located at the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff: 150 N. Limestone, Suite 236 Monday-Friday 8 a.m. – 4 p.m. You can use this Unit to safely dispose of prescription medications, patches, vitamins, and prescription medications for pets. Liquid medications cannot be disposed of in the MedReturn Drug Collection Unit. If you are unable to bring your unwanted medications to the Office of Sheriff, call us at (859) 252-1771 to schedule a time for a deputy to pick up your medications at your home. MedReturn is made possible by the Lexington Division of Police, the Lexington Department of Environmental Quality, the Fayette County Sheriff’™s Office, Kentucky American Water, the Mayor’s Alliance on Substance Abuse, the Kentucky Board of Pharmacy, the University of Kentucky School of Pharmacy, Bluegrass Greensource and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, along with other community partners. Project Lifeline The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff collects donated cell phones and chargers in order to redistribute them at no charge to elderly, victimized, and disabled citizens. The cellular telephones that are collected may not be “in service;” however, the 911 emergency dialing functions remain operable. This important service is a lifeline for seniors, victims, and disabled citizens who cannot afford a regular cell phone plan on their own. With one of the 911 cell phones from Project Lifeline in their possession, these citizens are able to dial 911 in an emergency situation at any time. Donating Cell Phones The Office of Sheriff collects used cell phones year round. When donating cell phones, the phone must be accompanied with a charger in order for the phone to operate. If you would like to donate one or more cellular telephones to this program, please contact the Domestic Violence Intake Center at 859-252-1771 . Also, you may drop off cell phones with chargers at: Office of the Fayette County Sheriff Victim Services Division District Court House, Fourth Floor 150 N. Limestone Lexington, KY 40507 859-252-1771 How to Get a Project Lifeline Cell Phone If you are in need of a 911 emergency cell phone and charger, please contact the Domestic Violence Intake Center at 859-252-1771 . There is no fee to obtain a 911 emergency cell phone. There is no operating fee to maintain in order to be able to dial 911 on the cell phone. You can obtain a Project Lifeline 911 emergency cell phone at: Office of the Fayette County Sheriff Victim Services Division District Court House, Fourth Floor 150 N. Limestone Lexington, KY 40507 859-252-1771 Books & Badges Program The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff’s Books & Badges Program, established in 2015, helps promote language and literacy development among preschool and elementary-aged children in Fayette County. In response to the epidemic of children’s illiteracy, the Office of the Fayette County Sheriff has partnered with the Fayette County School System and Lexington daycare centers and launched Books & Badges. Books & Badges brings Fayette County Deputy Sheriffs into the classroom to read well-known children’s books with the class. After story time, the Deputy Sheriff gives each child their own book to take home to read with a parent, sibling, and/or grandparent. This opportunity to promote literacy development can inspire a child to make better choices – to choose learning and success in school and life, and to choose a brighter future. Impact literacy in our community: donate new or gently used books to our Books & Badges program! To coordinate your donation, please contact Scooter Stein at 859-252-1771 . http://fayettesheriff.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/books-and-badges_500x280.mp4 Press Events Campaigning Against Domestic Violence The Office of the Fayette County Sheriff’s Domestic Violence PSA, in partnership with UK Head Football Coach Mark Stoops and Diana Ross, mother of Amanda Ross. http://fayettesheriff.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/campaigning-against-domestic-violence.mp4 The office of the Fayette County Sheriff’s Domestic Violence PSA, in partnership with UK Football Coach Mark Stoops and Diana Ross, mother of Amanda Ross. http://fayettesheriff.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/domestic-violence-psa.mp4 Like FCSO on Facebook Follow FCSO on Twitter © Office of the Fayette County Sheriff 2019 NOTICE: The use or copying of the LOGO OR BADGE of the Fayette County Sheriff's Office (FCSO) is restricted by law and may be used only with written permission of the FCSO. You may NOT download, use, disseminate, publish or copy the seal, star, mark, logo or badge displayed on this Web site without written permission from the FCSO; they are registered service marks owned by the FCSO. You may not remove or obscure the trademark/copyright notice(s) contained in the materials in this Website. Copyright and trademark infringement are violations of federal law and subject to criminal and civil penalties.