Family & Friends | South Dakota Department of Corrections, SD Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Feedback Print Mail Offenders can receive mail as outlined in DOC policies Offender Correspondence and Publications . Mail must include the offenders name and DOC number as well a complete, legible return address. Failure to include all of this information may result in rejected correspondence. Printed matter, including books, magazines, and photos, can be sent to the offender directly from the publisher, distributor, or institution of higher learning. Books from third-party marketplaces such as Amazon or eBay are not permitted. Hardcover and hollow or wire bound books and mailings that include more than 12 photos are subject to rejection. Please review DOC policies Offender Correspondence and Publications for additional information. Send Money By Mail Approved visitors may send money orders and cashier’s checks in US currency to the facility by mail. Cash and personal checks are not accepted. Money orders and cashier’s checks must be payable to the offender and include the offender’s first name, last name, and DOC ID #. The remitter's name and address must also be included on the money order or cashier's check. The envelope must include the sender’s first name, last name, and full return address. Information must be legible. Failure to include all of this information may result in a rejected deposit. Online Approved visitors can conveniently send money online through JailATM . Funds deposited through JailATM are typically available to the offender within two days but may vary depending on facility. If you need further assistance with JailATM, contact support by phone at 1-877-810-0914 or by email at support@jailatm.com. Family and friends can also deposit funds directly to the offender’s phone account through Connect Network . These funds can only be used for phone or tablet purchases and cannot be transferred to another account. If you need further assistance with Connect Network, contact customer support at 1-877-650-4249. Please review DOC policy Offender Accounts and Financial Responsibility for additional information on deposits. Package Programs Approved visitors may order property packages through Union Supply. Visit SDPackageProgram.com to view the current catalogs along with the specific rules and regulations for each. If you need further assistance with Union Supply, contact customer service at 424-338-9020. Please review the DOC policy Offender Personal Property for more information. Constituent Services Constituent services staff are available to assist family and friends of offenders, as well as any member of the general public, with questions or concerns. You may reach out to constituent services with general inquiries and legitimate concerns. If your concern pertains to the care, custody, and supervision of an offender, you should first contact the facility in which they are housed. If your concern pertains to a parolee on community supervision, you should first contact the parole office in their area. To find out which facility or parole office oversees an offender, utilize the offender locator tool . Please know that offender specific information can only be released pursuant to SDCL 24-2-20. Contact Constituent Services By Phone: 605-773-3478 This is our preferred method of communication. If you reach our voicemail, please leave a detailed message so your question or concern can be promptly addressed. By Mail: Attn: Constituent Services Department of Corrections Administration 3200 E HWY 34 Pierre, SD 57501 By Email: DOCInfo@state.sd.us If you send us an email, please be sure to include your name and phone number, and if applicable, the offender’s name and DOC ID #. Phone & Tablet Phone Calls Offenders must submit a request to have a phone number added to their approved phone list. Phone numbers must be verified a s assigned to a contract or pre-paid plan and device. VoIP numbers are not permitted. Family and friends can deposit funds directly to the offender’s phone account through Connect Network . These funds can only be used for phone or tablet purchases and cannot be transferred to another account. If you need further assistance with Connect Network, contact customer support at 1-877-650-4249. Please note, offenders are not able to receive incoming calls. Legal counsel must contact the facility to set up a privileged phone call with an incarcerated client. Video Calls Offenders may also initiate VisitNow video calls with those on their approved phone list by connecting their tablet to a docking station. More Information Messaging Select facilities have access to tablet messaging through Getting Out . Messages can only be exchanged between an offender and the approved contacts and associated phone numbers listed on their phone list. Contacts and associated phone numbers that are not approved on the offender’s phone list will show as Pending status in Getting Out. Messages are not instant, and all messages are subject to review. Photos cannot be sent or received through messages. Family and friends can deposit funds directly to the offender’s messaging account through Getting Out . If you need further assistance with messaging, please contact Getting Out support at 888-428-1845. Please review DOC policy Offender Access to Telephones and Tablets for more information. Visitation All prospective visitors and/or anyone who wishes to send funds to an offender are required to complete a visitation application. A background check is required for visitors age 18 or older. Once approved, visitors are required to submit a renewal application each year. Offenders are notified of changes to their approved visitor list. All visits must be pre-scheduled at least 72 hours in advance. Schedule Visit Visitor Apparel + Allowable Items K-9 Search Notice Please review DOC policy 300-23 Offender Visiting for additional information. Apply to Visit Visit Schedules Step 1: Online Visitation Application Step 2: Register to Schedule a Visit If you are unable to complete the visitation application online, a printable application is available here . Completed applications can be emailed to VisitList@state.sd.us or mailed directly to the facility for processing. Each facility has an established visitation schedule. South Dakota State Penitentiary Jameson Prison Annex Sioux Falls Minimum Center Mike Durfee State Prison South Dakota Women's Prison Pierre Minimum Center Rapid City Minimum Center Yankton Minimum Center