County Sheriff | Guadalupe County, Texas Skip Navigation HOME · CONTACT US · TRANSLATE About Guadalupe County County Government County Officials Commissioners Court Constables County Attorney County Clerk County Courts at Law County Judge County Treasurer District Clerk District Courts Justices of the Peace Sheriff Tax Assessor-Collector County Departments AgriLife Extension (4H) Animal Services County Auditor Elections Administration Emergency Management Engineer Environmental Health Services Fire Marshal & Fire Department Human Resources Jail/Adult Detention Juvenile Services Probation Services Purchasing Road and Bridge Veteran Services A-Z Directory A Adult Detention Adult Probation Agendas, and Minutes Agricultural Extension Office AgriLife 4H Ad Valorem Animal Services Appraisal District B Birth Certificates Bond Record Search Boat Registration Budget Budget Calendar Burn Ban C Calendars Child Support Civil Case Civil Case Search Civil Hearing Search Civil Suits $10,000 pmit Class C Misdemeanors Commissioners Court Constables Construction Schedule County Attorney County Office Map Criminal Case Search Criminal Hearing Search D Death Certificates Directory by Department Divorce (pdf) Driveway Permits E Elections Emergency Alert Notification Employee Benefits Employment ESuite Access Evictions F Financial Transparency Fire Marshal Fire & Rescue Department Floodplain information Forms Online Freedom of Information Act G GIS -Geographic Information System Guardianship Case/Hearing Search H Hot Checks J Jail Records Search Judicial Records Search Jobs Jury Information Jury - County Jury - District Justices of the Peace JP Civil Case Search JP Criminal Case Search L Law Library M Magistrate Court Marriage Licenses Motor Vehicle Registration & Titling forms O Open Records Request P Passport Information Phone Directory by Department Probate Court Probate Case/Hearing Search Probation Services Proclamations Property Taxes Pro Se Divorce Instructions Precinct Maps Public Information Officer Public Information Request R Real Property Records (OPR) Recycling Register to vote Registration and titles, automobiles Road Conditions Room Reservation S Sex Offenders List Septic Permit Sheriff's Citizen Academy Solid Waste Collection Subdivision Development Subdivision Regulations T Tax Abatement Guidelines (pdf) Tax Information on Property Tax Rates Telephone Listing- County Texas Public Information Act (PIA) Thoroughfare Plan Title Certificates Trash V Vehicle Registration Veteran Information Veterans Treatment Court Voting Community and Government Links Towns and Cities City of Kingsbury City of Schertz City of Seguin City of Cibolo City of Marion City of New Berlin City of New Braunfels City of Santa Clara City of Selma City of Staples Community Organizations and Resources The Resource Book 2026 Non-Profit Resource Guidebook 2025 KWED Seguin Appraisal District County Child Welfare Board County Historical Commission Guadalupe Regional Medical Center Department of Public Safety Alamo Area Council of Governments Alamo Area Metro Planning Organization (MPO) Alamo Colleges Health Profession Opportunity Grants (HPOG) Workforce Solutions County Fair and Rodeo Useful State and Federal Links Texas State Senate Texas State Representatives Texas Parks & Wildlife Communities in Schools U.S. Census (2020) U.S. Senate U.S. House of Representatives Library of Congress Use SPACEBAR to cycle through the dropdown menu headers Sheriff Contact Location Map Guadalupe County Sheriff Office 2617 N. Guadalupe Street Seguin, Texas 78155 24-Hour: (830) 379-1224 Metro: (830) 303-5241 Press ENTER key to focus on the active panel Guadalupe County Sheriff Meet Sheriff Joshua Ray: Sheriff Joshua Ray took his oath of office on January 1, 2025. With a distinguished career in law enforcement and a deep commitment to our community, Sheriff Ray brings his leadership, vision, and experience to ensure the safety and well-being of Guadalupe County residents. He plans to embrace modern police strategies, harness technological resources, expand and update training standards, build partnerships with area law enforcement agencies and stakeholders, and maintain high expectations and accountability for the Guadalupe County Sheriff’s Office employees. As the former Chief Deputy of the Guadalupe County Sheriff’s Office, he directly supervised all Sheriff’s Office operations and programs, including criminal investigations, patrol, detention facility, administration, narcotics, SWAT, crisis negotiation, warrants, civil, court security, animal control, and telecommunications. Work history: A United States Marine Corps veteran and a retired police officer with over 24 years of experience as a Texas Ranger. Ray previously held positions with the Texas Department of Public Safety as a criminal investigations division special agent and Texas highway patrol state trooper. Excellent reputation for resolving problems, maintaining professional and positive relationships, consistently providing an excellent work product, superior work ethic, and tenacious persistence. An outstanding performer in criminal investigations and hostage negotiation. Proven success in leadership, operational excellence, and organizational development with a keen understanding of numerous elements in law enforcement. Education: Sheriff Ray holds a Master Peace Officer certificate from the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement. Additionally, he holds a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice from Texas A&M University-Commerce and a Master of Science in Investigations from the University of New Haven. He is currently a doctoral student at Louisiana State University- Shreveport pursuing a Doctorate of Education in Leadership Studies. Message from the Sheriff: The Guadalupe County Sheriff's Office provides law enforcement and jail services for a resident population exceeding 188,000 citizens. Sheriff's Deputies patrol and investigate crime throughout all 715 square miles of Guadalupe County. Guadalupe County is situated directly east of San Antonio, Texas, and is less than three hours from the international border with Mexico. Our county is rich in Texas history, rooted in agricultural traditions, and committed to fundamental conservative values. Guadalupe County is located in the "Texas Triangle," which has experienced significant growth over the last decade. The San Antonio Metropolitan area saw a 20.3% population increase from 2010 to 2020. This growth, prosperity, and proximity to an international border bring considerable challenges to area law enforcement agencies. As your Sheriff, I am devoted to providing high-caliber professional law enforcement and detention services. We set high expectations for ourselves and seek to be recognized both by our citizens and our profession as one of the most competent and professional Sheriff's Offices in the country. Our fundamental duty is to protect and serve the citizens and visitors of our county, and we will do so with compassion, fairness, and respect. Thank you for visiting our website! If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to call. Guadalupe County Sheriff Joshua Ray Guadalupe County Sheriff Joshua Ray Guadalupe County Sheriff's Office Guadalupe County, Texas I County Seat: Seguin, TX I Main Operator 830-303-4188 Staff Login Web Accessibility Copyright © Guadalupe County, Texas 2016 powered by ezTask Titanium TM