Shiawassee County Skip to content Shiawassee County Home Zach Lonsway 2026-02-25T15:41:03-05:00 Welcome to Shiawassee County Find quick access to the services, departments, and events you are looking for. Quick Access “How-to” Services Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. Welcome to Shiawassee County Shiawassee County takes its name from the Shiawassee River, which enters the county near the southeast corner, passes through the villages of Byron and Vernon, the cities of Corunna and Owosso, and flows north into the Saginaw Bay. The name of Shiawassee is derived from Indian lore, meaning “Rolling” or “Sparkling Waters.” Shiawassee County represents approximately 67,877 residents in its 2 charter townships and 14 civil townships. The majority of residents reside inside 6 cities, 6 villages, and 21 unincorporated communities. Owosso, the largest city in the county, was the birthplace of several famous people, among them being former Governor Thomas E. Dewey of New York and James Oliver Curwood, author and conservationist. Other cities are Corunna, the county seat, Durand, Laingsburg and Perry. Quick Access Services Get quick access to the services you are looking for. Easy Directory Tune-in to stay informed regarding what’s happening. News & Events Stay up-to-date on events, meetings, and news. Quick Access Point Get a Birth Certificate Election Results Apply for Passports Pay Property Taxes Building Permits Job Postings Concealed Weapon Permit Reply to Quotes, Bids & Proposal Committee Agenda & Minutes Reserve a Park Pavilion Search Death, Marriage & DBA Shiawassee Register of Deeds View Financial Transparency View Shiawassee GIS Pay Online – Circuit Court Fines Storm Management Permit Shiawassee County Directory Directory Information Contact List About Us Community Resources News & Announcement Online Services Medical Examiner Job Postings Government Board of Commissioners County Clerk County Surveyor County Treasurer Drain Commissioner Register of Deeds Departments Administration Buildings & Grounds Community Development County Equalization County Parks GIS Health Department Landbank Medical Examiner Veterans Affairs & Services Courts & Law Circuit Court District Court Family Court Probate Court Friend of the Court Prosecuting Attorney Public Defender County Youth Center Sheriff’s Office Animal Control Central Dispatch 911 Emergency Management Homeland Security Shiawassee County Jail Announcements & Events Bonding Comprehensive Financial Plan Open Board Positions! Apply Today! Apportionment Landbank Highlight Video Materials Management Committee Public Notice Additional Info Freedom of Information Act Request Get on Board Looking to get on one of our boards, committees or commissions, apply now. Shiawassee County Boards Shiawassee County Committees Shiawassee County Commissions View Vacancies & Apply Now County Officials Administration Brian Boggs , County Administrator Health Department Larry Johnson , Health Director Sheriff Department Doug Chapman , County Sheriff Contact Us . Office Surbeck Building 201 North Shiawassee Street, 1st Floor, Corunna, 48817 Contact P: 989.743.2222 F: 989.743.2284 support@shiawassee.net Office Hours Monday – Friday: 8am — 5pm Saturday: Closed Sunday: Closed Name * Phone * Email address * Subject Message Send Communication Thank you for your message. It has been sent. × There was an error trying to send your message. Please try again later. × Shiawassee County Courthouse Shiawassee County is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, including those individuals with disabilities. If you experience any difficulty accessing the website, please contact us by calling (989)743-2222 . 208 N Shiawassee St, Corunna, MI 48817 Government Board of Commissioners County Clerk County Surveyor County Treasurer Drain Commissioner Register of Deeds Departments Administration Buildings & Grounds Community Development County Equalization County Parks GIS Health Department Landbank Medical Examiner Veterans Affairs & Services Courts & Law Circuit Court District Court Family Probate Court Friend of the Court Prosecuting Attorney Public Defender County Youth Center Sheriff’s Office Animal Control Central Dispatch 911 Emergency Management Homeland Security Shiawassee County Jail Information Contact List About Us Community Resources News & Announcement Online Services © 2026• All Rights Reserved, Shiawassee County, MI • Azee Business Solutions BACK TO TOP Page load link