Sheriff's Office | Chesterfield County, VA Skip to Main Content Subscribe Report Translate Beware Payment Scam Calls The Chesterfield County Sheriff’s Office is aware of multiple scams using our official titles and names. Please be aware that the Sheriff’s Office will never call you to ask for or demand money (cash or any other form of payment) due to missed jury duty, court actions or outstanding warrants. Calls of this nature should be considered a scam. Home Departments Elected Offices Sheriff Sheriff's Office Duty to Serve Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office has a duty to serve and a passion to do so with dignity and respect. Sheriff's Office fully supports and fosters Chesterfield's efforts to be an extraordinary and innovative community in which to live, work and play by enhancing safety of the community, serving with pride, professionalism and integrity, and treating everyone fairly and equally regardless of race, religion, color, creed, national origin or sexual preference. To do this, the Sheriff's Office maintains a qualified, diverse and professional workforce to promote and maintain an efficient organization that strives to be a benchmark for all that is right in public service. Sheriff's Office enhances public safety by providing a safe court and jail environments, service of legal documents, and comprehensive care of offenders through professional and unbiased performance. In Cooperation with Chesterfield Police Though all Sheriffs Deputies maintain and use arrest authority, the Chesterfield County Police Department is the agency responsible for the majority of criminal investigations, as well as traffic enforcement and patrol duties in the county. View active warrants . Commendations and Concerns Sheriff's Office employees are eligible to receive commendations for exemplary service. Conversely, to ensure the reliability and integrity of the Sheriff's Office, we provide an open and receptive system that encourages community members to report sincere concerns or complaints of misconduct. All inquiries of employee misconduct will be received, thoroughly documented and confidentially investigated. Submit a Sheriff's Office commendation or concern . Community Policing Act Notice The Virginia Department of State Police , Uniform Crime Reporting Unit began the collection of investigatory stop data based on the creation of the Community Policing Act . Data collected from our agency can be viewed on the Virginia Open Data Portal . Public Safety Events Tue, Aug. 4 National Night Out 2026 Sat, Sep. 26 Rabies Clinic View All /Calendar.aspx Involved Committed Compassionate Dedicated Ready Contact Us Karl S. Leonard Sheriff Sheriff's Office Email Chesterfield Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 9500 Courthouse Road Chesterfield , VA 23832 9500 Courthouse Road Chesterfield VA 23832 Directions Mailing Address P.O. Box 940 Chesterfield , VA 23832-0001 Phone 804-748-1261 Emergency Phone 911 Hours Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Social Media Like us on Facebook Follow us on Linkedln Note Please be advised the Sheriff's Office email address is not monitored on a 24/7 basis and is intended for general questions. In the event of an emergency, please call 911. Assistance Payments and Permits Safety and Security 9901 Lori Road Chesterfield, VA 23832 General Information: 804-748-1000 Staff Directory Agendas and Minutes Calendar Careers Departments and Offices Facilities Financial Transparency Holidays and Closures /QuickLinks.aspx Accessibility Documents Notifications Privacy Policy Public Records (FOIA) Site Map Translate /QuickLinks.aspx Instagram YouTube Nextdoor Twitter Facebook Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow