Sheriff | Washington County, NY - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Warrants Online Forms There are no alerts at this time. Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy 399 Broadway Fort Edward, NY 12828 Popular Topics Leave a compliment or complaint Use of force policy File a Non-Emergency Complaint Online Offender Watch Amber Alert Accident Reports Pay Bail Online Crime Victim Services Gov Pay Now Civil Fees /QuickLinks.aspx Contractor Charged With Felony Grand Larceny After Taking $9,500 and Not Completing Work According to Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy, the Washington County Sheriff's Office arrested Andrew J. Smith, 34, of Hudson Falls, New York, on Tuesday, June 17, 2026, following an investigation into a contractor fraud incident... Read on... Buskirk Man Arrested After Cutting Off Electronic Monitoring Device According to Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy, the Washington County Sheriff's Office arrested Cody S. Smith, 29, of Buskirk, New York, on Thursday, June 18, 2026, following a joint investigation with Washington County... Read on... Fort Edward man charged with felony while incarcerated According to Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy, the Washington County Sheriff's Office arrested Justin J. Hurlburt, 22, of Fort Edward, New York, on Tuesday, June 16, 2026, after an investigation determined that Hurlburt ... Read on... Fort Edward Man and Juvenile Charged After Burglarizing Occupied Residence, Stealing Vehicle According to Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy, the Washington County Sheriff's Office arrested Charley O. Blissit, 18, of Fort Edward, New York, on Tuesday, June 16, 2026, following an investigation into a residential burglary.... Read on... Argyle Man Arrested After fleeing, crashing into bridge and jumping Into Hudson River According to Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy, the Washington County Sheriff's Office arrested Caleb A. Wadsworth, 18, of Argyle, New York, on Thursday, June 11, 2026, after fleeing from patrols on State Route 4 and ended with... Read on... Whitehall Man Arrested on Felony Contempt Charge After Violating Order of Protection According to Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy, the Washington County Sheriff's Office arrested Dameyon L. Miller, 22, of Whitehall, New York, on Tuesday, June 2, 2026, following an investigation into a domestic incident that .. Read on... Granville Man Arrested After Investigation Finds He Removed State-Issued GPS Monitoring Device According to Sheriff Jeffrey J. Murphy, the Washington County Sheriff's Office arrested Walter M. Winchell, 51, of Granville, New York, on Tuesday, May 19, 2026, after an investigation determined that he had removed a GPS monitoring device... Read on... Sheriff’s Office Hosts Statewide Animal Cruelty Investigation Training The Washington County Sheriff’s Office recently hosted a comprehensive animal cruelty investigation training event, bringing together more than 55 law enforcement professionals from police agencies across New York State... Read on... Washington County Sheriff's Office Honored with Prestigious Dorothea Dix Award The Washington County Sheriff's Office is proud to announce it has been named the recipient of the Dorothea Dix Award, presented by ASCEND Mental Wellness at the Annual Community Awards and Fundraising event held at the Harding Mazzotti Arena... Read on... Sheriff's Office participating in the 2026 "Buckle Up New York" Campaign The Washington County Sheriff's Office is participating in the 2026 "Buckle Up New York / Click It or Ticket" seat belt enforcement campaign, running now through May 31... Read on... E-Bike Laws - What Washington County Riders Should Know With warmer weather here, e-bikes are popping up everywhere , on our roads, trails, and bike paths. They're a great way to get around, but they come with their own set of rules.... Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Municipal Center Building B 383 Broadway Fort Edward, NY 12828 Phone: 518-746-2100 Departments Hours Staff Directory Calendar News /QuickLinks.aspx How can I get a copy of my accident report? How can I obtain a copy of my driving record? Can I get a Sheriff's Office patch? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow