Jail JCSO Home Communications Patrol Jail Civil Process Open Records Estrays / Livestock Photo Gallery Resources Vacation Checks Employee Webmail Home About Us Contact Us Lost and Found Jail Population Report Download Jailer Job Description (PDF) Job Description Job Title: Jailer Department: Jail Reports To: Sergeant Approved By: Commissioners’ Court Starting Salary: $46,004.00 Annual Top Pay: $48,004.00 Annual SUMMARY This position requires a thorough knowledge of jail procedures. The duties of this job are to regulate movement inside the jail, exercise restraint over entry to and from the jail, and monitor all movement inside and outside the jail. SUPERVISION RECEIVED Work under the general supervision of the sergeant SUPERVISION EXERCISED None generally ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Duties include the following. Types, files and process all correspondence for the jail. Answer telephones. Maintain files. Receives and processes all inmate requests.Schedules appointments and meetings as required. Supervise daily cleaning of the Jail. Supervise daily food preparation and distribution of same. Supervise daily laundry of inmate clothing and linens. Hands on contact with Inmates. Booking in and out of Inmates. Transporting Inmates for medical appointments, dental appointments, court appearances. Duty is to make certain that all daily jail functions are carried out in a timely manner. Note: The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position and is assigned by the supervisor. MANDATORY QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE A high school diploma or equivalent is required. The individual should posses computer skills as well as a thorough knowledge of jail procedures. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATION A valid driver’s license and certification as a jailer by the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement (TCOLE) is required within the first year of hire. Professional certification and training required for O.C. Pepper Spray, Taser and CPR. DESIRED MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fraction, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs. REASONING ABILITY Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES The individual should possess a thorough working knowledge of jail procedures and practices. One (1) year of experience is desirable. Other specialized job requirements include fingerprinting and computer use. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential duties of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; walk; sit, and use hands to fingers, handle, or feel. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; talk or hear; and taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, dept perception, and ability to adjust focus. Must be physically fit and pass a physical exam by a medical doctor. In order to meet the physical demands of the job (handling of violent prisoners, etc.) must have full use of extremities. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This position has been identified with possible risk of exposure to blood borne pathogens and/or other various hazards that require immunization against such exposure. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. SELECTION GUIDELINES Formal application, rating of education and experience; oral interview and reference check; job related tests might be required. A drug screen, work related physical and psychological evaluation, full criminal history background check, and credit check (provided by individual) will be required as part of the conditional offer of hire for this position. This job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change. The employee further understands, and accepts, that this position falls under the provision of an “At Will” employment, and under no circumstances is this a contract for employment. Apply Now! Think Being a Jailer Might Be For You? The Jail Division at the Jack County Sheriff's Office consists of 13 employees: Jail Administrator, Lieutenant, Sergeant, Kitchen/Medical Officer, and 8 Full Time Jailers. Every employee in the Jail is required to obtain a Basic County Jailer Certificate through the State of Texas. Jail employees often attend additional training to further their education and experience to allow them to better serve the citizens of Jack County. The Jack County Jail is a tobacco free facility housing inmates accused or convicted of crimes including burglary, theft, drug trafficking, assault, and various other crimes. Inside Inmate Trustees under staff supervision perform everyday jobs such as cooking, cleaning, and maintenance of the facility. By utilizing inmate labor, costs associated with operating the facility are greatly reduced. Outside Inmate Trustees under staff supervision perform jobs outside of the facility such as mowing, facility maintenance, and are also utilized for maintenance in other parts of the county. Again this is a savings to the county. Inmates involved in these activities have been screened and are considered low risk. Inmates who have exhibited violent behavior or have any sexual crimes are not permitted to be part of the inmate work crew. The Jack County Jail can be reached by calling: (940) 567-2221 (940) 567-2222 Alternate Contact Information: (940) 567-6536 (Fax) Jail Administrator Email: bdavidson@jackcounty.texas.gov Jail Lieutenant Email: dking@jackcounty.texas.gov Jail Sergeant Email: Copyright © Jack County Sheriff's Office | All Rights Reserved Home About Us Contact Us Communications Civil Process Inmate Information Resources Estrays Photo Gallery Open Records Job Application Jail Patrol Lost and Found Stay Connected Contact Us 1432 FM 3344 Jacksboro TX 76458 US (940) 567-2161 email View on Mobile