Arkansas.gov Skip to Content | Skip to Navigation Skip to content What can we help you find? Search Search Home Home Welcome to the Natural State What can we help you find? Search Search View frequently searched terms Get a Real ID Mobile ID Find a Job Order a Birth Certificate Purchase a Fishing License Register My Vehicle Real Estate Broker Licenses Sarah Huckabee Sanders ARKids First Start a Business Good Standing certificate Criminal Background Check Pay Child Support Amber alert register a business pay property tax adopting a child concealed handgun license scholarship find a notary moving to Arkansas vehicle tag renewal Get Ready for REAL ID You now need a REAL ID-compliant license or ID to board domestic flights or enter certain federal facilities. Learn More Filing Your Arkansas State Taxes Easily access the resources and tools you need to file your Arkansas state income taxes — all in one place. File State Taxes Arkansas Mobile ID Secure, convenient digital identification—Carry your driver’s license or state ID on your smartphone, giving you easy access to your credentials while protecting your personal information. Find Out More Connect to your next opportunity Launch connects you with in-demand careers, job opportunities, and training programs in Arkansas. Whether you’re starting out or upskilling, find personalized pathways to match your goals. Search Jobs Child Support View child support payments, establish a child support order or paternity, and/or request support modification through the Office of Child Support Enforcement. Visit OCSE the arkansas brighter future 529 plan Build a brighter educational future for your loved ones. The Arkansas Brighter Future 529 Plan is designed to help families reach their educational goals. start saving now Car Tag Renewal Arkansas residents can renew their car tags online with ARStar, a convenient and efficient option for avoiding long lines and wait times at the DMV. Renew Online Today Birth Certificates Order certified copies of birth certificates, correct errors and obtain birth certificates for individuals born in the state through the Arkansas Department of Vital Records. Visit Vital Records property tax Arkansas residents can assess their personal property online and pay their personal property taxes through the Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration's online portal. property tax center AR ABLE - Achieving a Better Life Experience There’s no limit to what people with disabilities can do. Now, that includes saving, too. With AR ABLE, you can save for qualified disability expenses without losing your eligibility for certain assistance programs, like SSI and Medicaid. start saving Real ID Income Tax Mobile ID Find Your Next Opportunity Child Support Brighter Future Car Tag Renewal Birth Certificates Property Tax AR ABLE You now need a REAL ID-compliant license or ID to board domestic flights or enter certain federal facilities. Don’t wait—check your eligibility and upgrade your license today. Whether you’re an individual or a business, you’ll find step-by-step guidance, key deadlines, downloadable forms, and answers to common questions — all conveniently in one place. Secure, convenient digital identification—Carry your driver’s license or state ID on your smartphone, giving you easy access to your credentials while protecting your personal information. Launch connects you with in-demand careers, job opportunities, and training programs in Arkansas. Whether you’re starting out or upskilling, find personalized pathways to match your goals. View child support payments, establish a child support order or paternity, and/or request support modification through the Office of Child Support Enforcement. Build a brighter educational future for your loved ones. No matter what your education savings goals may be, the Arkansas Brighter Future 529 Plan can help you get there. Arkansas residents can renew their car tags online with ARStar, a convenient and efficient option for avoiding long lines and wait times at the DMV. Order certified copies of birth certificates, correct errors and obtain birth certificates for individuals born in the state through the Arkansas Department of Vital Records. Arkansas residents can assess their personal property online and pay their personal property taxes through the Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration’s online portal. There’s no limit to what people with disabilities can do. Now, that includes saving, too. With AR ABLE, you can save for qualified disability expenses without losing your eligibility for certain assistance programs, like SSI and Medicaid. Learn More File State Taxes Find out more Explore Now Visit OCSE Start Saving Now Renew Online Today Visit Vital Records Property Tax Center Start Saving Popular Services REAL ID Filing Your Arkansas State Taxes Mobile ID Launch - For Jobseekers Child Support Brighter Future 529 Car Tag Renewal Birth Certificates Property Taxes AR ABLE browse our online service directory Find the Services right for you I am visiting Arkansas I am Moving to Arkansas I am a High School Student I am a Military Service Member I am Retired I am a Business Owner I am Self-Employed I am a Disabled Person I am an Outdoor Person I am the Parent of a Student Resident Business Government Visitor Real ID Mobile ID Car Tag Renewal Property Taxes Franchise Tax AR Taxpayer Access Login Hunting and Fishing Licenses Child Support OCSE Login Elected Officials Directory Search Launch - For Jobseekers Citizen Alert System Election Polling Place Search Voter Registration Information Regular Unemployment Service Search Unclaimed Property AR Vital Records Ask ARDOT View All Services Mobile ID Vendor Registration Criminal Background Check Franchise Tax Search Site and Commercial Buildings Public Accountancy Search Patent and Trademark Resources Center AR Alcoholic Beverage Control Online Permit Report New Hire or Re-Hire AR Taxpayer Access Login Corporate Certificate of Good Standing How to Start a Business Public Notary Search Registered Trademark Search DEQ Permit Applications and Information Driver Watch User Login View All Services Voter Registration Search Election Reporting Election Candidate Search Election Polling Place Search Elected Officials Directory Search Court of Appeals Opinion Search Supreme Court Opinions Search File Lobbyist Report Lobbyist Report Search AR State Government Career Search AR Legislature Bill Status Circuit Judge Search View All Services Find a State Park Passport to Adventure AR Travel Guide Find Accommodations Search AR Colleges and Universities Trip Planning Tools Historical Locations AR Outdoors and Nature Ask ARDOT View All Services Your Elected Officials Meet the 47th Governor of Arkansas Sarah Huckabee Sanders Inaugurated on January 10, 2023, she is the first woman to serve as governor of the state and currently is the youngest governor in the country. Lieutenant Governor Leslie Rutledge Lieutenant Governor Leslie Rutledge (501) 682-2144 Globe Facebook-f Twitter Secretary of State Cole Jester Secretary of State Cole Jester (501) 682-1010 Globe Facebook-f Twitter Attorney General Tim Griffin Attorney General Tim Griffin (501) 682-2007 Globe Facebook-f Twitter Treasurer John Thurston Treasurer John Thurston (501) 682-5888 Globe Facebook-f Twitter Auditor of State Dennis Milligan Auditor of State Dennis Milligan (501) 682-6000 Globe Facebook-f Twitter Land Commissioner Tommy Land Land Commissioner Tommy Land (501) 324-9422 Globe Facebook-f Twitter Use your address to find your federal and local elected officials. Learn how to contact them, bills they’ve sponsored, committees they serve on, and more. find your representatives Visit Arkansas Whether you’re visiting Arkansas for the first time or a long-time resident, you can experience all the Natural State has to offer. Discover things to do, places to stay, unique eats, events, and more! visit the natural state view the latest Arkansas News 06/25/2026 Governor Sanders Announces Over $2 Million for Arkansas Forest Landowners Arkansas Department of Agriculture read more 06/24/2026 Closure Scheduled on Highway 67/7 in Arkadelphia Arkansas Department of Transportation read more 06/24/2026 Lane Closures Scheduled on Interstate 40 Hernando de Soto Bridge Arkansas Department of Transportation read more 06/24/2026 LAKE VILLAGE BOOKKEEPER CHARGED IN THEFT read more 06/23/2026 Shoulder Closures Scheduled Along Interstate 530 Arkansas Department of Transportation read more 06/23/2026 ASP SEIZES 190 POUNDS OF MARIJUANA DURING TRAFFIC STOP ON I-40 read more View All News Events Jun 26 Sex Offender Assessment Committee Meeting Arkansas Department of Corrections Jun 26 June 26, 2026 Arkansas Department of Corrections Sex Offender Assessment Committee Meeting Arkansas Department of Corrections Headquarters Director’s Conference Room 1302 Pike Ave North Little Rock, AR 72114 Agenda The post Sex Offender Assessment Committee Meeting appeared first on Ar… Jun 26 June 26, 2026 Board Meeting Arkansas Psychology Board Jun 26 June 26, 2026 Arkansas Psychology Board June 26, 2026 Board Meeting Jun 26 PC&EC Meeting Arkansas Department of Energy and Environment Jun 26 June 26, 2026 Arkansas Department of Energy and Environment PC&EC Meeting To view meeting virtually, please visit the Arkansas Department of Energy and Environment YouTube channel. The post PC&EC Meeting appeared first on Energy and Environment.… Jun 26 State Board of Appraisers, Abstracters, and Home Inspectors Special Board Meeting Arkansas Department of Labor and Licensing Jun 26 June 26, 2026 Arkansas Department of Labor and Licensing State Board of Appraisers, Abstracters, and Home Inspectors Special Board Meeting This is a Zoom only meeting. Topic: State Board of Appraisers, Abstracters, and Home Inspectors Special Board MeetingTime: Jun 26, 2026 11:00 AM Central Time (US and Canada)Join Zoom Meetinghttps://us… Jun 30 Arkansas Boll Weevil Eradication Foundation Board Meeting Arkansas Department of Agriculture Jun 30 June 30, 2026 Arkansas Department of Agriculture Arkansas Boll Weevil Eradication Foundation Board Meeting Arkansas Boll Weevil Eradication Foundation Board Meeting Notice Meeting Date: Tuesday, June 30Meeting Time: 10:00 a.m. The Arkansas Boll Weevil Eradication Foundation will hold a board meeting on Tue… Jun 30 Appeal Hearing Arkansas Department of Education Jun 30 June 30, 2026 Arkansas Department of Education Appeal Hearing The following information pertains to the Child Care Review Panel Hearing: Date: 6/30/2026 Time: 9:00 am Owners: Mr. Ramachandra Rao Namasani and Mrs. Venkata Swetha Chendika, Facility: Stepping Ston… View All Events things to do outdoors & nature lodging & accommodation arkansas state parks events in arkansas arkansas bike trails free vacation guide visit us in The Natural State Arkansas is known for its picturesque landscapes and stunning natural beauty. The state boasts of an abundance of outdoor activities that can be enjoyed throughout the year, such as hiking, camping, fishing, and boating. The state is home to the Ozark and Ouachita Mountains, which offer breathtaking views, cascading waterfalls, and numerous hiking trails. Additionally, the state has over 600,000 acres of lakes and nearly 10,000 miles of rivers, making it a haven for fishing and water sports enthusiasts. With its mild climate, Arkansas is an ideal destination for outdoor enthusiasts looking to escape the hustle and bustle of city life and immerse themselves in nature. Discover More Copyright 2026. All Rights Reserved, Arkansas.gov Severe Weather: Donate to the Arkansas Disaster Relief Program