Cherokee County - Sheriff Welcome to Cherokee County, Texas HOME | COUNTY OFFICES | OTHER COUNTY OFFICES | DISTRICT COURT | INFORMATION | DOWNLOAD FORMS | FINANCIAL REPORTS | TREASURER'S REPORT | JOBS Home County Offices County Judge Commissioners Court County Attorney County Court at Law County Clerk Sheriff Tax Assessor-Collector Treasurer Justice of the Peace Constable County Auditor Other County Offices District Court Information Public Notices Download Forms Financial Reports Treasurer's Report Jobs County Sheriff Sheriff Brent Dickson Phone: 903-683-2271 Open Records Requests For Open Records Requests please contact the records department: by email: records@cocherokee.org by fax: 903-683-2813 ATTN: Records Compliments or Complaints If you would like to Compliment or Praise an employee of the Sheriff's Office: Please email your information on the employee(s) to us at opr@cocherokee.org. If you wish to make a Complaint please follow these guidelines: 1. Download and Print a copy of the CITIZEN COMPLAINT FORM 2. Fill out the form in detail on the alleged complaint 3. The completed form MUST be notarized. A notary is available at the Sheriff's Office Mon-Fri from 8am to 5pm. 4. The form can be brought to the Sheriff's Office and given to Captain Battley, Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) or can be mailed to: Cherokee County Sheriff's Office Attn: Capt. Battley (OPR) 272 Underwood St. Rusk, TX 75785 5. ALL complaints will be thoroughly investigated. 6. If further guidance is necessary or you have a question about the complaint process please contact Capt. Battley at 903-683-2271 Mon-Fri from 8am to 5pm. Inmate Funds Inmates in the Cherokee County Jail can maintain an inmate trust fund account. All cash funds in possession of the inmate at the time of the booking process are deposited to the accounts. The process to add money to inmates accounts: • To place money on an inmates account online, go to www.jailatm.com and follow the instructions that are given. This may be done from your cell phone, computer or tablet and can be done on any day at any time. • Money can also be placed on an inmates account through the Sterling Kiosk, which is located in the lobby of the Cherokee County Sheriff’s Office. The kiosk will accept cash, debit cards or credit cards. For further information contact: Cherokee County Jail 903.683.6365 Documents are in Adobe PDF Format ( get Adobe PDF reader ) Duties & Responsibilities of the COUNTY SHERIFF from the Texas Association of Counties. Visit VINELink.com to check the custody status of your Offender. Accessible Version Imprint County Judge Commissioners Court County Attorney County Court at Law County Clerk Sheriff Tax Assessor-Collector Treasurer Justice of the Peace Constable County Auditor County Airport County Health Department Cooperative Extension Office Supervision and Corrections Department Emergency Management Coordinator Human Resource Election Department 2nd District Judge 369th District Judge District Clerk District Attorney Budgets Annual Financial Reports Check Registers Utilities Monthly Report