Sheriff | Bannock County Follow Follow Follow Follow  Address 624 East Center Pocatello, ID 83201  Hours Mon – Fri, 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Closed Federal Holidays  Phone 208-236-7000 Directory O a M  REPORT A CRIME Call 911 for emergencies.  BAIL BONDS Information on bail bonds and more. p NEWSROOM View press releases from the Sheriff’s Office here.  INMATE LIST Check the Jail Roster  EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT Office of Emergency Management  DOWNLOAD OUR APP Download our app for your mobile device. Click Here to Apply See our Benefits Sheriff’s Office & Detention Center About the Sheriff’s Office Established in 1893, the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office is committed to protecting the lives, property, and rights of all people. The Office consists of approximately 150 employees that serve more than 87,000 residents. The Office assists the police departments of Pocatello, Chubbuck, and Inkom and serves as the sole law enforcement agency for the communities of McCammon, Lava Hot Springs, Arimo, and Downey. In addition to patrol, the Office provides search and rescue services, jail services, driver’s licenses, concealed weapons permits, civil processes, and emergency dispatch. Among the BCSO’s many accomplishments is the fact that they were the first county within the State to introduce a dual-purpose K-9 program. Detention Center Driver’s License Division Police Services 911 Dispatch Civil Services Courthouse Security Records Patrol Services Our Patrol Division consists of 22 deputies, who provide twenty-four-hour law enforcement services to all the unincorporated areas of the County and to four (4) contracted municipalities. Patrol areas amount to 1142 square miles, with a total county population of approximately 83,000. In addition, some patrol officers belong to our STAR (Special Tactics and Response)Team and have received special training to handle hostage and other high-risk incidents. Bannock County Sheriff’s Department started a rural Mountain Bike Patrol Unit, which we use to patrol areas within the County where instances make it more advantageous to use bicycles rather than patrol cars. Interdiction Unit In an effort to reduce crime and to provide a safe environment for citizens and visitors of Bannock County, the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office employs a criminal interdiction unit that consists of specially trained patrol deputies, narcotic detectives, and canine handlers. These officers are given the specific duty to patrol the interstate system, county roadways, and towns in a combined effort to detect and apprehend the drug traffickers and other criminal offenders who utilize the roadways of Bannock County. Bike Patrol Bannock County’s bike patrol started in the early 1990s with two bikes. They quickly proved to be a very efficient and effective way to patrol the small towns and large residential areas of both northern and southern Bannock County. The officers found that they were more approachable to the public, which allowed for more informal interactions and contributed to our commitment to community policing and the working partnership we share with the people of Bannock County. The duties of the bike patrols have expanded to include special events, large gatherings, youth education, park patrols, crowd control, traffic enforcement, and extra patrol in high-crime areas; these are just a few of the things they do. Detectives The BCSO Detective Division has 8 trained detectives working felony cases. We also have one detective who works directly with the Department of Health & Welfare in investigating child abuse cases. Our Department was an active participator in developing a multi-agency approach to child abuse investigation, which included creating a special interview room used exclusively for the interviewing of child abuse victims. Our protocol has been used as a model program for the State of Idaho. K9 Program K-9s (police service dogs) are a tremendous asset for law enforcement. Since the introduction of service dogs into Bannock County in 1989, these dogs have repeatedly shown their use as a locating tool. As a result of the K-9s, thousands of dollars in illegal drugs and drug money have been taken off the streets in Bannock County. Search and Rescue Bannock County Sheriff’s Search & Rescue is a Specialized Emergency Response Team. This division is made up entirely of volunteers serving Bannock County who are on call 24/7. While we are not paid, we are, nonetheless, professionals, and we conduct ourselves as such. We each share in the pride of our unit’s excellent performance, and service to the citizens of Bannock County. Search and Rescue Application Southeast Idaho Special Tactics And Response (STAR) The Southeast Idaho Special Tactics and Response (STAR) Team was originally formed in 1979 with five team members from the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office. The team responded to critical incidents throughout Southeast Idaho for many years and eventually consisted of seventeen certified and highly trained officers. In January of 2009, seven Sheriff’s in Southeast Idaho signed a Memorandum of Understanding and policy and procedure manual, which expanded the STAR Team’s personnel to thirty-two members, with a response area of seven counties. The STAR Team responds to and handles critical incidents that require special training and experience. These incidents consist of but are not limited to, the following: barricaded gunmen/hostage incidents, high-risk search or arrest warrants, active shooter incidents, civil disobedience or crowd control, and dignitary/VIP protection. The team consists of tactical team leaders, hostage negotiators, entry or immediate action team members, and sniper/observers. All of the team members have attended basic swat school and have received specialized training for their assignments on the team. The team also utilizes special equipment to assist with the resolution of critical incidents. The Bannock County Emergency Communications Center currently consists of seven full-time, highly trained, and experienced dispatchers. The 911 Administrator is Capt. Scott Ames, who also supervises the Driver’s License Bureau. Our center is responsible for all 911 calls outside the city limits of Chubbuck and Pocatello within the Bannock County area. We dispatch for several volunteer fire departments, including Pocatello Valley, Inkom, McCammon, Lava, Arimo, and Downey Fire Districts. Additionally, we provide emergency communications for the Bannock County Search and Rescue Unit and the Inkom Police Department. We also provide services as needed to several other agencies, such as the U. S. Forest Service, BLM, U. S. Marshals, Misdemeanor Probation, and Juvenile Probation, to name just a few. Generally, we handle about 190,000 calls per year, which would include approximately 32.000 E-911 calls. The Bannock County E-911 Center handles calls for service for law enforcement and fire, but we have a county-wide EMS system that is administered by Pocatello dispatch, so when we receive any calls for medical assistance, the call is immediately transferred to Pocatello dispatch. If possible, we try to stay online to determine if a Bannock County Deputy needs to assist with the call. Additionally, any calls for fires north of Chubbuck city boundaries and south of Pocatello city boundaries are immediately dispatched. We also route calls to the Idaho State Police and other agencies when we receive calls within their jurisdiction and expertise. Bannock County Civil Information Email: civil@bannockcounty.gov | Phone: 208-236-7195 | Fax: 208-236-7190 Our physical address: Bannock County Sheriff’s Office (Lobby of the Jail, smaller window to the left) 5800 S 5th Ave Pocatello, ID 83204 Our mailing address: Bannock County Sheriff’s Office ATTN: CIVIL PO BOX 4666 Pocatello, ID 83205 Our office provides service of civil & court documents such as: Summons & Petition |Summons & Complaint | Summons, Claim & Answer | Garnishments (wage & bank)| 3 Day/30 Day Eviction Notice | Evictions | Subpoena | Protection Order | No Contact Order All services must be prepaid before service. Most services are $50.00. Please see our full list of services provided along with the fee schedule here . We accept cash, cashier’s checks, money orders, business checks, or credit/debit cards. We cannot accept personal checks. All card transactions are charged 2.49% with a minimum fee of $2.00. Per Idaho Code 31-2211, the Sheriff’s Office & its deputies cannot act without written instructions. A general letter of instructions can be found here If you create your own, all information requested on the link above is required. Evictions Cost: $300 In most cases, tenants have 72 hours once a judgment is rendered. If tenants do not leave, the landlord can remove and dispose of the property left behind. HOUSE BILL NO. 461 For landlord/tenant information and protection, you may refer to guidelines published by the Attorney General State of Idaho office. https://www.ag.idaho.gov/consumer-protection/consumer-manuals/ Legal Aid may be able to help tenants or landlords with questions regarding the legal aspect of evictions. 208-233-0079 https://www.idaholegalaid.org Garnishments Cost: $50.00 (separate $7.00 check made to the bank for bank garnishments) Must include: Writ – original + 2 copies Judgement – 3 copies Self-addressed stamped envelope addressed to the defendant Notice/Interrogatories Claim of Exemption Form (2 copies for bank garnishments) Subject to State and Federal Wage Garnishment Laws, to withhold not more than 25% of disposable earnings. https://www.dol.gov/whd/garnishment/ (FACT SHEET #30) Sheriff’s Sales Link will open in a new window/tab. Bannock County Sheriff’s sales may be posted in the Idaho State Journal, Post Offices, and other public places within the precinct of the property to be sold. Call our office at 208-236-7197 with any questions regarding these sales. Other useful links Landlord/Tenant https://www.courtselfhelp.idaho.gov/forms/housing Small Claims https://www.courtselfhelp.idaho.gov/forms/claims Bannock County Court Marshals Concealed Weapons Detection The goal of the Bannock County Court Marshals and Concealed Weapons Detection team is to protect the employees, assets, information, integrity, reputation, and operations of the Bannock County Courthouse. We strive for professionalism, collaboration, and respect for employees and the public. Entrances to the Bannock County Courthouse are located on Center St. and on 6 th Street. When entering the Bannock County Courthouse, consider bringing only the paperwork needed to do your business. Cell phones are allowed in the courthouse. However, it is recommended that you leave all electronics, backpacks, and oversized bags in your vehicle to make entry into the courthouse as smooth and easy as possible. No guns, knives, pepper spray, or personal weapons of any kind are allowed in the courthouse. Any guns, ammo, holsters, or ammo pouches must be locked up in your vehicle and are not allowed in the lock boxes. You will be asked to clear through a concealed weapons detector. The detector does not release any harmful rays. It will not hurt a pregnant person or interrupt a heart pacemaker. A CWD team member will instruct you to walk through the weapons detector. If something has been detected, you will be directed to remove anything metal, magnetic, or electronic from your person and place it on a counter. You may be asked to walk through the weapons detector multiple times or open bags or purses to confirm the removal of any items in question. When you have cleared the weapons detector, the door to the courthouse will unlock for you to enter. If you use a wheelchair, baby stroller or have a difficult time with stairs, please use the ADA-compliant ramp located at the east door of the building off of 6 th Street. For your convenience, you can drop your payments in the drive-up drop-box located on East Center St. This box is checked once in the morning and once in the afternoon. The Records Division is responsible for processing the criminal complaints created by the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office. These consist of arrests, citations, and complaints. Records Request To request records from the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office, please submit a completed request form to bannockrecords@bannockcounty.gov or return a physical copy to the Bannock County Clerk’s Office (624 East Center, Room 211 Pocatello). Download a fillable PDF of the Sheriff Written Records Request Form Fees Reports: $1.00 per report Fingerprints: $5.00 per card Sex Offenders: $80.00 (Annual registration, No cost on address change) If you have any questions, please get in touch with us at 208-236-7123 Found Property/Evidence Return Call to make an appointment at 208-236-7123 Concealed Weapons Permits For questions on coverage or rules and regulations State of Idaho Concealed Weapons Permit FAQs or USACARRY.com – Open and Concealed Carry Website The cost of concealed weapons permits New: $56.10 Renewal: $37.85. Permits 90 days past expiration have an additional $10.00 charge. Duplicate: $2.85 Permits are good for 5 years. Community Outreach The Bannock County Sheriff’s Office participates in several community outreach programs each year. Cops & Kids Each year, the BCSO partners with area law enforcement and the Southeastern Idaho Community Action Agency to host the annual Cops & Kids event. Deputies and officers are paired with a child who would benefit from a positive experience with law enforcement in hopes of building or improving relationships between law enforcement and the community. On the day of the event, the officer and child meet at Alameda Middle School before getting breakfast provided by McDonalds and a picture with Mr. and Mrs. Clause. Then, the child and officer drive with the patrol car lights flashing to the Chubbuck Walmart, where they spend the next few hours shopping for presents. Together, the child and officer purchase gifts for each of the child’s immediate family members. Donations from the community make this event possible. Law enforcement from the Pocatello Police Department, Chubbuck Police Department, Idaho State Police, Idaho State University Public Safety, Idaho Fish and Game, Bannock County Adult Probation and Parole, Bannock County Juvenile Probation, and the Bannock County Sheriff’s Office participate in the event. Sponsors & Partners Chubbuck Walmart, McDonald’s, Southeastern Idaho Community Action Agency, Pocatello-Chubbuck School District #25  Address 5800 S. 5th Avenue Pocatello, Idaho 83204 Map it  Contact Non-Emergencies: 208-236-7111 Administration: 208-236-7123 Detention (Jail): 208-236-7125 Civil Division: 208-236-7195 } Hours Monday – Thursday 7 a.m. – 6 p.m.  View Sheriff Reports Click here to view Daily Activity reports. Follow Follow Follow Follow Meet your Bannock County Sheriff Tony Manu Bannock County Sheriff Sheriff Tony Manu was elected in November 2020 after spending 28 years as a deputy. Raised in Hawaii and California, Manu moved to Pocatello in 1986 to play football at Idaho State University. He joined the Office in 1992 as a detention deputy and worked his way through the ranks. In his role as Sheriff, Manu emphasizes improving the services the Office provides, specifically mental health and medical services for people in the detention center. Additional Resources and Information  Sign up for Emergency Alerts Get press releases, activity reports, emergency and weather alerts straight to your phone or email.  VINE VINE is the nation’s most reliable and confidential source for updated custody status and criminal case information. Register and stay informed.  Access Corrections Access Corrections offers fast, easy, secure ways to deposit money into your loved ones’ account and make probation & parole payments. Bannock County Crime Tip Form If your tip is about an emergency, please call 911! You can report non-emergency tips by calling 208-236-7111 Use our Crime Tip Form to report illegal activity that you observe. The information you provide will help us successfully respond to these illegal activities. Please complete as much of the form as possible. You may submit this form as often as is necessary. Please complete a separate form for each location and/or suspect that you wish to provide information about. The information you submit will be forwarded to a Bannock County Detective for further investigation and enforcement. Investigators may contact you for additional information if you wish. If you choose to remain anonymous, however, be assured that the information you provide will be acted upon. All information will be held in STRICT CONFIDENCE. To remain anonymous, simply leave your contact information blank. Thank you for helping us help keep you safe! *Please fill in all the required fields. If it doesn’t apply to your report, just enter “None.” We can’t help if we don’t know where the crime occurred or who was involved. This Crime Tip form is for reporting tips. If you are reporting a serious incident, please CALL 208-236-7111 Report A Crime Your Name Your Phone Your Email Crime Address Date of Crime Crime Details 6 + 3 = Submit East Idaho Crime Stoppers www.ifcrime.org The Bannock County Sheriff’s Office is among 17 other counties that partner with East Idaho Crime Stoppers to report crime tips anonymously. Crime Stoppers provides a safe place for citizens to provide anonymous information about crime and fugitives. If you have information that leads to a felony arrest in any East Idaho county, you could be entitled to a cash reward of up to $1,000. Bannock County Sheriff & Detention Center  Directory & Contact Non-Emergencies: 208-236-7111 Administration: 208-236-7123 tonym@bannockcounty.gov Civil Division: 208-236-7195 Detention Service / Jail: 208-236-7125 Records Bureau: 208-236-7119 Search and Rescue: 208-236-7114  Location 5800 S. 5th Avenue Pocatello, Idaho 83204 Map it } Hours Administrative/Lobby: Monday – Thursday 7:00 a.m – 6:00 p.m  Nearby Police Services Pocatello Police Department Chubbuck Police Department American Falls Police Department Blackfoot Police Department  Crime Resources Vine – Victim Information and Notification Everyday Idaho Sex Offender Registry Bannock County Domestic Violence Task Force Report a Crime Tip Online! Emergency Management Website Missing Children in America Most Wanted Criminals in America Visit Idaho Missing Persons Follow Follow Follow Follow RESIDENTS & VISITORS Live Here Portneuf Valley Development Events Complex Idaho High Country Idaho State University News Releases Commissioners' Agendas Southeastern Idaho Public Health View Job Openings CITIES Arimo Chubbuck Downey Inkom Lava Hot Springs McCammon Pocatello Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions