Inmate Mail | Lancaster County, NE Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments A through C County Corrections/Jail Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Lancaster County utilizes a digital mail format for our inmates' personal mail. Personal mail must be sent to the address below. Authorized packages, books, and Legal Mail should still be sent directly to the facility. Any mail or packages received without an Inmate Number (CFN) clearly written within the address will be returned to sender. Personal Mail Personal mail for inmates needs to be sent to: Lancaster County Department of Corrections Inmate Name, Inmate CFN Number PO BOX 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Packages, Publications, and Legal Mail Packages sent to inmates are subject to search by staff and any contraband items will not be delivered, but may be returned to the sender or placed with the inmate's property. Inmates may only receive publications (books, magazines, newspapers, etc.) sent directly from the publisher or a national distribution center. Publications must be paperback only, no hardcover, leather, or material other than paper, will be allowed. Items sent from other sources or items that are not paperback may be returned to sender or placed with the inmate's property. Publications content may not contain: Instructions for the construction or use of weapons, ammunition, bombs, incendiary devices or similar objects. Depictions or descriptions of methods of escape from correctional facilities, blueprints, drawings, or similar descriptions of correctional institutions. Instructions for manufacturing of alcohol or drugs. Messages written in code. Depictions, descriptions, or encouragement of activities which may lead to physical violence or group disruptions. Encouragement or instruction in committing criminal activity. Sexually explicit material. Depictions, descriptions, or encouragement of gangs or gang related activity. Property Protest Budget Agendas & Minutes Treasurer Report Road Issues LANCASTER COUNTY WEATHER 555 S 10th Street Lincoln, NE 68508 Staff Directory Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Site Map Work for Lancaster County Newsroom Home Lancaster County Bid & Business Opportunities /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow