Forensic science lab | Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Menu Search Forensic science lab Our forensic science lab was formed in the early 1960s. We provide lab services to over 35 law enforcement agencies within the county. We also provide these services to the Minnesota State Patrol and federal law enforcement agencies. The lab is internationally accredited as an ANAB ISO/IEC 17025 forensic testing laboratory. To view the accredited disciplines, follow this link . Request services Close Request services To submit evidence to our lab Complete the lab examination request (PDF) View . Complete any other supplemental forms if needed. Schedule an appointment online and bring all completed forms to your appointment. Schedule an appointment online . Supplemental forms Lab examination request supplement (PDF) View Reference DNA profile request (PDF) View Recovered stolen vehicle request (PDF) View Authorization for consumption of DNA evidence (PDF) View Expedited forensic analysis Our lab supervisor or director makes the final decision whether to approve a request for expedited service. The decision may be based on criteria that include but are not limited to: Imminent threat to public safety Officer involved shooting Major crime scene Pending court date Call 612-596-7010 to speak with the appropriate section supervisor or lab director. Close Specialized areas Close Specialized areas Biology and DNA Our forensic science lab is one of only 4 in Minnesota that provides DNA testing and forensic serology. Serology is body fluid identification that includes blood, semen, saliva, and urine. We compare DNA profiles of a person of interest to profiles obtained from crime scene evidence. We also take part in the FBI Combined DNA Index System (CODIS). We enter eligible DNA profiles into the CODIS database. CODIS automatically searches for possible matches with existing DNA profiles. CODIS is a database of DNA profiles that include: Individuals convicted of a crime Profiles developed from crime scene evidence such as semen stain or blood Arrested persons (if state law permits the collection of arrestee samples) Missing persons Unidentified human remains Profiles voluntarily contributed from relatives of missing persons DNA section educational content/presentations: DNA profiling I – Basics of DNA testing and profile interpretation (YouTube) DNA profiling II – Probabilistic genotyping (YouTube) DNA profiling III – STRmix validation and implementation (YouTube) Crime scene We provide crime scene processing 24 hours a day, every day of the year. The agencies we support: Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Suburban Hennepin County law enforcement agencies Minnesota State Patrol Some federal law enforcement agencies Crime scene investigators: Locate, collect and package evidence at crime scenes Photograph crime and accident scenes Measure, sketch and complete diagrams of crime scenes They get special training to recognize and document bloodstain patterns and ballistic trajectories. They also get special training in forensic mapping and 360 imaging. Evidence Evidence specialists receive evidence from law enforcement agencies. They then distribute evidence to appropriate sections of the lab for testing. To make intake efficient and reduce wait times, agencies must schedule an appointment to submit evidence. Schedule an appointment to submit evidence . Firearm Firearm and comparative examination We use comparison microscopes to determine if: Bullets, cartridge cases and other ammunition components were fired from a specific firearm One or more firearms was used in a crime, in the absence of a submitted firearm We also examine and test-fire firearms to determine functionality. Serial number restoration We use physical and chemical processes in an attempt to restore a serial number. NIBIN We enter evidence into the National Integrated Ballistic Information Network (NIBIN). NIBIN compares images of fired cartridge cases to previously entered images, for possible leads in investigations. Latent prints Latent prints are unintentional impressions that can be left by our friction ridge skin when contact is made with a surface. Friction ridge skin consists of raised ridges with furrows in between and is only found on the palmar sides of our hands and the soles of our feet. “Latent” means hidden, so often these types of impressions are not readily visible to the naked eye without using some type of enhancement technique or additional lighting. The Latent Print Section is responsible for: Processing physical items of evidence collected at crime scenes to assist in the recovery of latent prints Various physical and chemical techniques can be used, which include: Cyanoacrylate (aka superglue) Fuming Dye Stains Powders Analyzing and comparing latent prints recovered from crime scenes to known exemplars Utilizing Automated Biometric Identification System (ABIS) databases, which are large-scale repositories containing known exemplars Latent prints that meet certain criteria can be searched in these databases to generate candidates for further comparison The Section currently has access to two external ABIS databases: Regional: Midwest Automated Fingerprint Identification Network (MAFIN) Includes records from MN and ND Federal: FBI Next Generation Identification (NGI) Collecting known exemplars of deceased individuals involved in a criminal case Close Forensic Science Lab Phone: 612-596-7010 sh.lab.clerical@hennepin.us Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Forensic Science Laboratory 531 Park Avenue South Minneapolis, MN 55415 Map Forensic Science Lab Phone: 612-596-7010 sh.lab.clerical@hennepin.us Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Forensic Science Laboratory 531 Park Avenue South Minneapolis, MN 55415 Map Privacy | Open government | Copyright ©