Corrections / Jails – San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department Skip to content CLOSE SBCOUNTY MENU Home Link San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department MENU Home Department Info Annual Crime Reports Blue Envelope Program Frank Bland Memorial Homeless Outreach (H.O.P.E.) Juvenile Intervention Program Missing Persons School Resource Officers S.E.A.T. Sheriff’s Executive Staff Tow Service Agreement Media Center Coroner Press Releases Sheriff’s Press Releases Divisions Bureau of Administration Community Service and Reentry Coroner Emergency Operations Employee Resources Gangs / Narcotics Information Services Legislative Liaison Professional Standards Public Administrator Public Affairs Rural Crimes Scientific Investigations Specialized Enforcement Specialized Investigations Training Volunteer Forces Patrol Stations Apple Valley Barstow/Trona Big Bear Big Bear Lake Central Station Chino Hills Colorado River Fontana Grand Terrace Hesperia Highland Loma Linda Morongo Basin Needles Rancho Cucamonga Twentynine Palms Twin Peaks Victor Valley Victorville Yucaipa Yucca Valley Corrections / Jails Central Detention Center Court Services Glen Helen Rehabilitation Center High Desert Detention Center Inmate General Information Inmate Locator West Valley Detention Center Public Records Sheriff Jobs MENU Shannon D. Dicus, Sheriff - Coroner Visit Our Facebook Page Visit Our Twitter Profile Visit Our Youtube Channel Visit Our Instagram Account Home › Corrections / Jails Detention and Corrections Bureau Locate an Inmate Jail Information Minimum Standards for Adult Facilities Inmate Visiting Appointment Line Visitors must call Tuesday through Saturday 8:00 am – 5:30 pm 909-887-0364 Bail Information Line 909-350-2476 Detention Facilities Central Detention Center 630 E. Rialto Ave. San Bernardino, CA 92415 909-386-0969 Glen Helen Rehabilitation Center 18000 W. End of Institution Rd. Devore, CA 92407 909-473-3689 High Desert Detention Center 9438 Commerce Way, Adelanto, CA 92301 760-530-9300 West Valley Detention Center 9500 Etiwanda Ave. Rancho Cucamonga, 91739 909-350-2476 Below are the current rules for visiting inmates at all four of our detention facilities (West Valley Detention Center, High-Desert Detention Center, Central Detention Center, and Glen Helen Rehabilitation Center). These rules are effective March 1, 2022 . Visits will be available Wednesday to Saturday, from 8:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. The following guidelines will be followed: For inmates housed at West Valley Detention Center, Central Detention Center, Glen Helen Rehabilitation Center or High Desert Detention Center, visits are limited to two visitors per inmate. Generally, one visitor must be an adult, and the second visitor can be an adult or minor. Minor children, at least 12 years old, can visit an incarcerated parent without an adult present. Visitors must have identification and are required to arrive at least 30 minutes prior to their visit to allow time to check in and be screened. Visitors failing to arrive 30 minutes prior to their scheduled visit may be turned away. An inmate can have a maximum of two visits (one hour total) each week until further notice. Visitors can schedule visits for any of the four facilities via the online scheduling service at Inmate Locator/Visiting Online visiting appointments can be made at any time on the day before the visit. Those without internet access, or who choose to not use this option, can schedule a visit by calling (909) 887-0364, between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m., Tuesday to Friday . Visitors should call the day before the planned visit to schedule an appointment . Please have the inmates booking number, facility, and housing location available, if possible. With this information, staff can check visiting availability and let you know what days and times are available and provide any needed information to schedule your visit. The Detention and Corrections Bureau operates the jail and work release programs for the County of San Bernardino. There are four main adult jail facilities which house inmates during their court process and inmates who have been sentenced by the court. The Bureau has 7,400 jail beds with an average daily population of 5,000 inmates. The Sheriff’s Department and other law enforcement agencies book on average 85,000 people annually. The Bureau provides a variety of rehabilitation programs to help reduce recidivism and allow inmates to transition back into the community. Public Information Plan Public Information Plan Visits and Telephone Communication Each jail has unique visiting hours and visitor requirements. It is required to have the inmate booking number before you schedule your visit. Inmates have access to use telephones to make legal and personal calls while at the facility. These general rules apply to all San Bernardino County jail facilities. All Visitors shall: Arrive 30 minutes before their appointment. Provide a valid photo identification card (driver’s license, consulate i.d., passport). Be subject to a search of their personal belongings and vehicles. Not have any weapons, cell phones, audio, video, or photo recording devices. Not bring into the facility tobacco or illicit drugs. Maintain constant supervision of any minors. Dress appropriately. Inmate Commissary and Care Packages Inmates can order hygiene items, snacks, and other small personal items through the jail’s commissary system. These items can be ordered from all our facilities and paid for using money deposited on the inmate’s account. Family and friends can also order commissary items to be delivered to inmates in the San Bernardino County Jail system using the iCare website, located at icaregifts.com Inmate Releases These general guidelines for release dates and times can vary based on the jail facility and warrants, court orders, medical and mental health conditions. Inmates who have completed their court-ordered sentence are released between 6:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. Inmates released with a court order, cite release, on their own recognizance, or cases that were not filed, are generally released the same day, between 6:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. Inmates who require specific release plans for medical, mental health, or structured living arrangements can be released at any time of the day, and on a case-by-case basis. Bail bond or cash bail are accepted 24 hours a day, at any jail facility. Work Release / Electronic Confinement Unit The Administrative Support Unit (ASU) runs the work release and electronic confinement programs, both of which were authorized by the County Board of Supervisors. These programs allow the courts to sentence lower risk offenders to alternatives to jail time, saving millions of dollars of incarceration costs each year. Program participants can complete their sentences through volunteer work at one of several dozen work crew sites around the county or serve their sentence in community-based custody while monitored by a GPS device. Incarcerated persons may also qualify for release from custody onto a GPS monitored program based on their completion of in-custody psychotherapeutic courses administered by ASU staff. Work Release / Electronic Confinement Unit Officer: (909) 473-2580 Hours: Seven Days a Week, 0730 – 1630. Closed on holidays. Bail Agent Visits Bail agents may visit inmates upon request from the arrestee, their attorney, or family member. Bail agents must complete the Bail Agent Request Form prior to the visit and bond payment drop off. Bail agents are prohibited from soliciting business at the facility or from depositing money into an inmate’s account. California Code of Regulations requirements posted at http://www.insurance.ca.gov/01-consumers/170-bail-bonds/ Bail Information The department accepts cash, checks, money orders, property bonds, and bail bonds for inmate bail. Bail payments can be made at any of our jail facilities. For additional bail information, please call (909) 350-2476. Currency Deposits Money can be deposited into inmates’ accounts to purchase commissary. Deposit kiosks are in the lobby at each of four county jails. Deposits can be made in person, 24/7. The kiosk machines only accept cash, credit, or debit cards. Personal checks or money orders are not accepted. Upon release, inmate’s will receive their account balance in cash or check. Convicted Felon Visiting Guidelines Penal Code Section 4571 prohibits convicted felons who have served time in any California state prison from entering jail grounds without the written authorization of the facility commander (or their designee). Anyone who violates the law may be subject to arrest. To print the Request for a Convicted Felon to Visit an Inmate Form click here Inmate Mail Inmates are permitted to send and receive unlimited letters each day to maintain communications with their legal representatives, families, friends, business associates, and government authorities. The two categories of mail are regular and legal correspondence. All mail must have the following information, or it will be rejected by the jail: • Include the name of the sender, return address, inmate’s name, booking number, and the facility address printed on the outside of a plain envelope. • Only mail that is on lined paper (college-ruled, narrow-lined, legal ruled, etc.), or postcards which are not cardstock thickness may be accepted. • All photos must have the inmate’s name and booking number printed on the back of each photo. The following is prohibited: Blank paper, blank envelopes or stamps Cardstock paper, greeting cards, construction paper, or manila envelopes Perfume, powder or cologne on the mail Kiss impressions on the correspondence Stained or extremely dirty letters More than 50 photographs Anything gang-related Nude or partially nude photos or drawings White out, white out tape, crayons, paint, markers, glue, tape, glitter, stickers or labels, and color pencils Metal or plastic Gum or any food items All: magazines, newspapers, periodicals, and books (paperback only) must come directly from the publisher or bookstore or originate from a verifiable and reputable internet/mail order company or bookstore via their internet or mail order facilities. Any reading material that would disrupt facility tranquility, which includes violence toward staff and other inmates and any sexually explicit content, is prohibited. Inmate Property Personal property that can be picked up or dropped off, is limited to clothing, money, prescription medication, and legal documents. To release property the inmate must sign a property withdrawal slip authorizing the release of their property. Identification is required to pick up an inmate’s property. For additional information contact the jail facility. Inmate Welfare Fund The Sheriff is responsible for the appointment of members to the Inmate Welfare Fund Committee (IWF). The members of this committee provide their services on a voluntary basis and do not receive compensation. The members of this committee are authorized to perform certain duties and functions that are afforded to them under California Penal Code 4025. Under this section, guidelines are set forth for how the IWF spends money from the IWF trust. IWF members are overseen by the Inmate Services Unit of the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department Corrections Division. An IWF trust financial report is provided to the Board of Supervisors annually. For more information regarding PC 4025, please visit https://codes.findlaw.com/ca/penal-code/pen-sect-4025.html The Inmate Services Unit (ISU) has created a website that contains public resources for use by families of the incarcerated as well as the previously incarcerated. This website can be found here at https://www.sbcsdinmateservices.org Prison Rape Elimination Act The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department is in compliance with the Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) of 2003. It is a federal law established to address the elimination and prevention of sexual assault and rape in correctional systems. PREA applies to all federal, state, and local prisons, jails, police lock-ups, private facilities, and community settings such as residential facilities. The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department has a ZERO-TOLERANCE sexual abuse policy. Any person can report sexual abuse by an employee, vendor, contracted agency, volunteer, inmate, or other non-Department member with a business association with the Department. To file a report, contact any Sheriff’s Department facility or station. For additional information visit the PREA website Calendar 35 events found. Calendar of Events M Monday T Tuesday W Wednesday T Thursday F Friday S Saturday S Sunday 0 events 1 0 events, 1 0 events 2 0 events, 2 1 event 3 1 event, 3 8:00 am – 5:00 pm Drug Influence Recognition June 3 @ 8:00 am – 5:00 pm Drug Influence Recognition This course provides training and skills to assist the patrol officer with the identification and investigation of persons under the influence of drugs and current drug trends. CLICK FOR FLYER … $125 0 events 4 0 events, 4 0 events 5 0 events, 5 0 events 6 0 events, 6 0 events 7 0 events, 7 3 events 8 3 events, 8 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course POST standardized curriculum introduces new law enforcement supervisors to the role, responsibilities, and resources available for their new position. This course meets the POST mandate to complete a supervisory course … Free 9:00 am – 10:00 am CIVIL ENFORCEMENT SALE June 8 @ 9:00 am – 10:00 am CIVIL ENFORCEMENT SALE Property Information Court Case #: CIVSB2308633 Location: Vacant Land, Joshua Tree CA APN: 0607-292-09-0000 Sale Information Sale Date: 06/08/2026 AT 9:00 AM Location: San Bernardino Superior Court, Entrance to Courthouse … 10:00 am – 10:30 am CANCELLED – CIVIL ENFORCEMENT SALE June 8 @ 10:00 am – 10:30 am CANCELLED – CIVIL ENFORCEMENT SALE Property Information Court Case #: CIVSB2121136 Location: 1730 S MOUNTAIN AVE #E ONTARIO, CA 91762 APN: 1014-202-78-0-000 Sale Information Sale Date: 06/08/2026 AT 10:00 AM Location: San Bernardino Superior Court, … 1 event 9 1 event, 9 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 10 1 event, 10 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 11 1 event, 11 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 12 1 event, 12 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 13 1 event, 13 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 14 1 event, 14 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 15 1 event, 15 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 16 1 event, 16 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 17 1 event, 17 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 18 1 event, 18 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 1 event 19 1 event, 19 2026-06-08 P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course 0 events 20 0 events, 20 0 events 21 0 events, 21 1 event 22 1 event, 22 2026-06-22 Background Investigations Background Investigations June 22 @ 8:00 am – June 25 @ 5:00 pm Background Investigations This course will provide students with the knowledge necessary to conduct background investigations for law enforcement agencies. It will provide officers with the tools to complete a proper and thorough … $350 1 event 23 1 event, 23 2026-06-22 Background Investigations 1 event 24 1 event, 24 2026-06-22 Background Investigations 1 event 25 1 event, 25 2026-06-22 Background Investigations 0 events 26 0 events, 26 0 events 27 0 events, 27 0 events 28 0 events, 28 0 events 29 0 events, 29 0 events 30 0 events, 30 0 events 1 0 events, 1 0 events 2 0 events, 2 0 events 3 0 events, 3 0 events 4 0 events, 4 0 events 5 0 events, 5 Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. June 3 June 3 @ 8:00 am – 5:00 pm Drug Influence Recognition Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 @ 9:00 am – 10:00 am CIVIL ENFORCEMENT SALE June 8 @ 10:00 am – 10:30 am CANCELLED – CIVIL ENFORCEMENT SALE June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course June 8 June 8 @ 8:00 am – June 19 @ 5:00 pm P.O.S.T. Supervisory Course Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. June 22 June 22 @ 8:00 am – June 25 @ 5:00 pm Background Investigations June 22 June 22 @ 8:00 am – June 25 @ 5:00 pm Background Investigations June 22 June 22 @ 8:00 am – June 25 @ 5:00 pm Background Investigations June 22 June 22 @ 8:00 am – June 25 @ 5:00 pm Background Investigations Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Notice There are no events on this day. Calendar powered by The Events Calendar View Calendar Quick Links Public Records Parking Citations, Commendations, and Complaints Sign-up for Emergency Notification Alerts Contact Us Media Crime Prevention Civil Enforcement Inmate locator Careers CCW Patrol Stations Corrections Volunteer Coroner Homicide Cold Cases Community Events Calendar Bio coming soon. CLOSE Bio coming soon. CLOSE Bio coming soon. CLOSE Bio coming soon. CLOSE Bio coming soon CLOSE Ernie Perez, Assistant Sheriff Ernie Perez is a lifelong resident of the Inland Empire, born in San Bernardino and raised in Grand Terrace, California. He was hired by the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department in 1995 and attended the 120th session of the Basic Academy. Ernie began his career as a deputy sheriff at the West Valley Detention Center before serving in patrol operations at Central Station. He later worked as an instructor at the Frank Bland Regional Training Center, teaching both the basic academy and firearms range. As a detective, he was assigned to the Narcotics Division. Throughout his career as a sergeant and lieutenant, Ernie served in custody, narcotics, and patrol assignments, including the West Valley Detention Center, Narcotics Division, and Rancho Cucamonga Patrol Station. As a captain, he commanded both the Glen Helen Rehabilitation Center and the Rancho Cucamonga Patrol Station. Ernie holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration from California State University, Fullerton. He has completed numerous POST leadership programs, including the Sherman Block Supervisory Leadership Institute (Class #357) and the Management and Executive Development Course. He is also a graduate of the Inland Empire Economic Partnership Regional Leadership Academy and the San Bernardino County Management and Leadership Academy’s Executive Development Program. In March 2023, Ernie was promoted to Deputy Chief, overseeing the Administration and Planning Bureau, Desert Patrol Bureau, and Valley/Mountains Patrol Bureau. In October 2025, Sheriff Shannon Dicus promoted him to Assistant Sheriff. Ernie currently oversees the Department’s Support Operations. CLOSE Edward Bachman, Deputy Chief Edward Bachman is a long-term resident of San Bernardino County. He began his career with the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department in 2002 and attended the 150th session of the Basic Academy. Edward began his career as a deputy sheriff at the West Valley Detention Center and later at the Apple Valley Station. As a detective, he was assigned to the Apple Valley Station and the Specialized Investigations Division, Homicide Detail. As a sergeant, he served at the High Desert Detention Center, Apple Valley Station, and the Professional Standards Division – Internal Affairs Unit. As a lieutenant, he was assigned to the Professional Standards Division – Internal Affairs Unit and the Victorville Station. As a captain, Edward served as the commander of the Glen Helen Rehabilitation Center and the Information Services Division. Edward holds numerous certificates from the California Commission on Peace Officer Standards and Training, including his POST Management Certificate. He earned a Bachelor of Science in Management from California Coast University and a Master of Arts in Organizational Leadership from California Baptist University. He is also a graduate of the Sherman Block Supervisory Leadership Institute, Class 420, and the Executive Leadership Institute at Claremont Graduate University, Drucker School of Management, Class 8. Edward is a member of the International Association of Chiefs of Police and the California Police Chiefs Association. Sheriff Shannon D. Dicus promoted Edward to Deputy Chief in November of 2025. As Deputy Chief, he oversees the Field Support Services Bureau, which includes the Information Services Division, Coroner/Public Administrator Division, and the Scientific Investigations Division. CLOSE James Mahan, Deputy Chief Bio coming soon. × Randy German, Deputy Chief Bio coming soon. × Jeremy Martinez, Deputy Chief Jeremy began his career with the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department in 1998, graduating from the Frank Bland Regional Training Center, Academy Class 134. Jeremy has worked various assignments during his career, including the West Valley Detention Center, High Desert Detention Center, Barstow, Apple Valley, Victorville, Hesperia, and Victor Valley Patrol Stations, Gangs and Narcotics, Inland Regional Narcotics Enforcement Team, and the Employee Resources Division. Jeremy received a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice from Cal State University San Bernardino, holds numerous certificates from the California Commission on Peace Officer Standards and Training, and is a member of several law enforcement associations. Jeremy was promoted to Deputy Chief in April of 2024 by Sheriff Shannon Dicus and oversees the Special Operations Bureau. × Robert Trostle, Deputy Chief Robert Trostle began his law enforcement career in 1999 with the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department, where he was assigned to the Twin Towers Correctional Facility. In 2005, he joined the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department, and his first assignment was at the West Valley Detention Center, followed by patrol duties at the Rancho Cucamonga Station. Robert held a variety of assignments across the department, including investigative assignments in Internal Affairs and the Specialized Investigations Division – Homicide Detail, as well as supervisory roles at the Central and Victor Valley Stations. He served in leadership roles at the Bureau of Administration, Specialized Investigations Division, and West Valley Detention Center. He holds an Associate of Arts degree in Liberal Arts from Chaffey College and has completed numerous professional development programs, including the POST Executive Development Course and the Management & Leadership Academy – Executive Development Program. Robert is very involved with the Sheriff’s Employees Benefit Association (SEBA) and has served in multiple elected and appointed leadership roles, including Station Director, Trustee, Treasurer, Vice President, and President of the Peace Officer Relief Fund. He has provided leadership and guidance in labor, compensation, and benefits negotiations and remains actively involved with the association. Robert has served as a Director for the California Peace Officers’ Memorial Foundation since 2015 and served as a Trustee and Investment Committee Member for the PORAC Insurance and Benefits Trust. In March 2024, Sheriff Shannon Dicus promoted Robert to Deputy Chief, initially assigning him to oversee the Detentions and Corrections Bureau. He currently oversees operations within the Personnel and Training Bureau. × John Wickum, Deputy Chief John Wickum was raised in the city of Rancho Cucamonga and has been a lifelong resident of San Bernardino County. John became interested in law enforcement at a young age, joining the Sheriff’s Explorer program at Rancho Station in 1985. John began his career with the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department in 1991, graduating from the Frank Bland Regional Training Academy class #103. John has worked various assignments during his career, including Central Detention Center, Foothill Detention Center, West Valley Detention Center, Victor Valley Station, Narcotics Division, Specialized Enforcement Division, Apple Valley Station, High Desert Detention Center, and most recently the Captain for the Victorville City Station. John holds numerous certificates from the California Commission on Peace Officer Standards and Training. He attended Chaffey College and California Coast University, Irvine. He is a member of many law enforcement organizations, serving on the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Rodeo board and he is currently the Liaison for the Sheriff’s Rangers. Sheriff Shannon Dicus promoted John to Deputy Chief in March 2024. John is currently assigned to the Detention and Corrections Operations Bureau. CLOSE Rick Bessinger, Undersheriff Rick Bessinger was born and raised in the city of San Bernardino and has been a lifelong resident of San Bernardino County. Rick was interested in law enforcement at a young age and joined the volunteer explorer program at Central Station. He later became a reserve deputy sheriff and hired as a full-time deputy sheriff in 1997. Rick’s law enforcement career began with his first custody assignment at West Valley Detention Center. Rick was later assigned to patrol operations at Hesperia Station. Following his promotion to detective, Rick worked assignments at Barstow Station and the Specialized Investigations Division, Homicide Detail. As a sergeant, Rick was assigned to High Desert Detention Center, Victorville Station, and the Homicide Detail. Rick was later assigned as the commander of the Internal Affairs Division as a lieutenant, and as a captain, he held command assignments at High Desert Detention Center and Victorville Station. Rick holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice Management from Union Institute & University and is a graduate of the FBI National Academy session #271, the Sherman Block Supervisory Leadership Institute class #322 and holds numerous certificates from the California Commission on Peace Officer Standards and Training. He is a member of the California Police Officers Association, California State Sheriff’s Association, and the FBI National Academy Alumni. Rick was promoted to Deputy Chief in January 2021 and served in an executive leadership capacity for Valley Patrol Bureau, Desert Patrol Bureau and Personnel/Emergency Services Bureau. In 2023, Rick was promoted to Assistant Sheriff and was responsible for the Operations Bureau. Sheriff Shannon Dicus appointed Rick Undersheriff in August 2024. × Shelley Krusbe, Deputy Chief Shelley Krusbe was raised in the city of San Bernardino and remains a resident of San Bernardino County. She began her career with the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department as a Level II Reserve Deputy at the Colorado River Station. She attended the 133rd Basic Academy at the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department Regional Training Center, graduating in December 1998. Throughout her career, Shelley has worked assignments in Corrections, Patrol, Gangs, Training, Narcotics, Internal Affairs and Specialized Investigations. Most recently, she was assigned as the Captain of the Victor Valley Station and the Specialized Investigations Division, overseeing the department’s Homicide, Crimes Against Children and Polygraph divisions. Shelley has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from the University of California, Riverside, and a Master of Public Administration / Organizational Leadership degree from National University. She holds numerous certificates through the State of California’s Commission on Peace Officer Standards and Training (POST) and is a graduate of the California Police Chiefs Executive Leadership Institute at Drucker and the IEEP Regional Leadership Academy. Shelley was promoted to Deputy Chief in July 2021 and oversees the Administration/Planning Bureau. × Office of the Sheriff The collective group of department administrators at the rank of Sheriff, Undersheriff, and two Assistant Sheriffs. × Richard Luczak, Sheriff's Counsel Richard D. Luczak serves as a Sheriff’s Department Human Resources Legal Adviser, advising on labor and employment issues and representing the department in grievances, arbitrations, administrative hearings and court proceedings. He is also a member of the San Bernardino County Counsel’s Litigation Unit, representing the County and its employees in state and federal court. Mr. Luczak received his A.B. in English from the University of California at Berkeley, followed by his J.D. from Loyola Law School. He is admitted to practice law in California and the District of Columbia, and all federal district and appellate courts for those jurisdictions. Prior to joining the San Bernardino County Counsel’s Office, Mr. Luczak worked as a Deputy City Attorney for San Bernardino, as well as an associate attorney at Arias, Lockwood & Gray and Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith. × Jerry Gutierrez, Executive Officer Executive Officer Jerry Gutierrez is responsible for the Support and Administrative Operations within the Corrections Bureau. Prior to joining the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department, Jerry served as Assistant Sheriff overseeing the Corrections Division with the Riverside County Sheriff’s Department. He brings over 30 years of experience in the field of Corrections, including supervisory, management, and executive positions. He has served on executive steering committees and workgroups for the California Board of State and Community Corrections (BSCC) to assist with Adult Titles 15 and 24 Regulations and with standards and training for local correctional officers. Jerry holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Workforce Education and Development from Southern Illinois University and a Master’s Degree in Public Administration from California State University, San Bernardino. × Sam Fisk, Assistant Sheriff Assistant Sheriff Sam Fisk began his career with the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department in 1989, as a Sheriff’s Explorer at the Fontana Sheriff’s Station. At the age of 21, he became a Reserve Deputy Sheriff assigned to Central Station on patrol. In 1994, Sam attended the 117th Academy Session and graduated from the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department Basic Academy. Over the next 23 years, he has had the opportunity to work assignments throughout the county. Some of his work assignments include Corrections, Patrol, the Sheriff’s Training Center, Scientific Investigations Division (Crime Lab), Sheriff’s Homicide, Internal Affairs, and the Sheriff’s Bureau of Administration. Sam earned an Associates of Arts degree from San Bernardino Valley College and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Criminal Justice from Bellevue University. In 2017, Sam attended and graduated from the 268th Session of the FBI National Academy. He holds numerous certificates from the California Commission on Police Officers Standards and Training and is a member of the California Police Officers Association, California State Sheriff’s Association, and the FBI National Academy Alumni Association. Throughout Sam’s career he has been active in various community organizations. For 15 years, he has been involved in Boy Scouts of America at the local and district level. In 2016, Sam was appointed the Chairman of the Executive Board for the Seven Points, INC. Seven Points INC. produces the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s PRCA Rodeo, a Professional Rodeo Cowboy Association sponsored rodeo. The Sheriff’s PRCA Rodeo donates thousands of dollars to youth and volunteer organizations annually. In 2018, Sam was promoted to Deputy Chief assigned to oversee the Detentions and Correction Bureau. On August 14, 2021, Sheriff Shannon D. Dicus promoted Sam to Assistant Sheriff. Sam currently oversees Criminal Operations and the Public Affairs Division. Sam is a life-long resident of San Bernardino County and grew up in Colton, CA. × Trevis Newport, Assistant Sheriff Trevis Newport was raised in the Redlands / Yucaipa areas and always had a passion for serving others. Trevis joined the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department at the age of 14, when he entered the Explorer program at the Yucaipa Station. He graduated from Redlands High School in 1996 and later became a deputy sheriff, graduating the 137th Basic Academy Session in 1999. Trevis began his career as a deputy sheriff in the Detentions/Corrections Bureau and worked at West Valley Detention, Central Detention and the Glen Helen Rehabilitation Centers. He had an opportunity to work several patrol and investigative assignments; to include the Morongo Basin, Twin Peaks and Yucaipa patrol stations. Trevis also had an opportunity to work several high-profile homicide cases, while assigned as a detective and sergeant in the department’s Specialized Investigations Division. Trevis worked as a lieutenant in the department’s Bureau of Administration and was the captain of the Morongo Basin Station. While in his management role, Trevis graduated from 85th session of the Police Executive Research Foundation’s Senior Management Institute for Police, as well as the Executive Leadership Institute at Claremont College. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Workforce Education and Development, a Master of Public Administration, with a Public Financial Management concentration, and a Juris Doctor. He holds numerous certificates from the California Commission on Police Officers Standards and Training and is a member of the California Police Officers Association, California State Sheriff’s Association, National Tactical Officer’s Association, California Tactical Officer’s Association and the Police Executive Research Forum. Trevis was promoted to Deputy Chief in April of 2020 and assigned to oversee the Special Operations and the Detention and Corrections Bureaus. In March of 2024, Sheriff Shannon D. Dicus promoted Trevis to Assistant Sheriff. Trevis currently oversees Support Operations, which includes the Corrections Bureau and the Personnel/Training Bureau. × Sarkis Ohannessian, Deputy Chief Sarkis Ohannessian was born and raised in Beirut, Lebanon. At a young age, he experienced firsthand the devastation caused by the civil war. At the age of 15, he immigrated to the United States and attended high school in Los Angeles. At the age of 19, he joined Los Angeles Police Department’s Reserve Corp, and in 1997, became a deputy with the San Bernardino County Marshal’s Office. In 1999, the Marshal’s Office merged with the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department, where Sarkis worked his way up the ranks. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree and a Master’s Degree in Criminal Justice and Organizational Leadership. He is an Adjunct Professor and holds several POST Leadership certifications. Sarkis served as a deputy sheriff in the City of Rancho Cucamonga. He also worked as an undercover narcotics detective before promoting to sergeant. After working Corrections, Patrol, and Narcotics as a Supervisor, Sarkis promoted to lieutenant and was tasked to oversee the Civil Enforcement Unit. He also served as the Public Affairs Commander before promoting to captain. As the captain of Information Services Division, Sarkis oversaw the Sheriff’s 911 Dispatch Operations, Technical Services and Records Divisions. Sheriff John McMahon promoted Sarkis to deputy chief in January of 2021. Sarkis is currently in charge of the department’s Special Operations Bureau. × John Ades, Assistant Sheriff John Ades was raised in the small mountain communities of Coarsegold / Oakhurst just outside the South gate of Yosemite National Park. After graduating from Yosemite High School, John joined the United State Army Military Police Corps. Over his eight years in the Army, John was stationed at White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, Fort Clayton, Panama and Fort Irwin, California. After leaving the military, John was hired by the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department, attended the 146th session of the Sheriff’s Academy, graduating as the class sergeant and honor graduate. John began his career at the West Valley Detention Center later transferring to the Hesperia Station where he completed his Field Training program. Following his promotion to detective John was transferred to the Victor Valley Station and then later to the Specialized Enforcement Division. Upon promoting to sergeant John was assigned to the High Desert Detention Center, the Victor Valley Station, and the Specialized Enforcement Division. As a lieutenant John was assigned to the Specialized Enforcement Division and the Apple Valley Station and then later served as the captain of the Bureau of Administration. John holds numerous certificates from the California Commission on Peace Officer Standards and Training (POST). He is also an instructor at the POST Supervisory Course teaching Team Building, the Tactical Side of Critical Incidents and Followership to newly promoted sergeants from law enforcement agencies throughout the state. John is a member of the California Peace Officers Association, the California Association of Tactical Officers, and the National Tactical Officers Association. In July of 2021, Sheriff John McMahon promoted John to Deputy Chief. In this role, John was responsible for the Administration and Planning Bureau which includes the Bureau of Administration, Capital Improvements, Field Support and Automotive Services. In January of 2023, Sheriff Shannon Dicus promoted John to Assistant Sheriff. As Assistant Sheriff, John is responsible for overseeing Criminal Operations, and all Patrol and Specialized divisions. × Horace Boatwright, Undersheriff Undersheriff Horace Boatwright is the oldest of five siblings and grew up in the small city of Bennettsville, South Carolina. Growing up during an era where disparities in opportunity and inequality were the norm, Horace knew how important an education was in expanding his horizon. He graduated high school and enlisted in the United States Air Force. During his eight years in the military, Horace served across the United States and overseas, learning to appreciate diverse people and cultures. After completing his military service, Horace completed the 101st session of the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Basic Academy as the honor graduate. Horace’s respect for education continued into his professional career. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice Management and a Master of Arts degree in Public Administration. Horace is a graduate of the FBI National Academy and the IEEP Regional Leadership Academy. During his 30-year career, Horace has worked in the Corrections Bureau, Employee Resources Division, Patrol Bureau – Rancho Cucamonga Station, Central Station, Fontana Station, and the Public Affairs Division. Before being promoted to Undersheriff, Horace served as the Deputy Chief of the Valley/Mountain Patrol Bureau, overseeing eight patrol stations’ police services and as Assistant Sheriff responsible for the department’s Criminal Operations. Horace also serves on the department’s Equal Employment Opportunity Committee (EEOC). Horace works to foster a workplace that is welcoming and open to all. Horace was promoted to Undersheriff by Sheriff Shannon D. Dicus on August 14, 2021. × Shannon Dicus, Undersheriff Undersheriff Shannon Dicus was raised in a law-enforcement family and has lived in San Bernardino County for over 40 years. In High School, U/S Dicus was a Sheriff’s Explorer Scout. After graduating, He enlisted in the United States Army and was assigned to the 101st Airborne Division where he served as a Military Police Officer at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, and Sinai, Egypt. After his tour of service in the Military, U/S Dicus worked for the Department of Veterans Affairs Police Department in Loma Linda. U/S Dicus was hired by the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department in 1991 and he attended the Frank Bland Training Center, 106th Basic Academy session. U/S Dicus has a Bachelor’s Degree in Criminal Justice from Cal State San Bernardino and a Master’s Degree in Communications from Cal Baptist University. Notable project was the “Jail Utilization Study” done in partnership with CalForward to determine the effects of prison realignment and recidivism in our jails. U/S oversees the day to day operations of the Department, as well as the Internal Affairs Division, Civil Liabilities Division and Bureau of Administration Division. U/S Dicus past assignments include: Corrections– Glen Helen Rehabilitation and West Valley Detention Centers. Patrol– Barstow Station, Apple Valley, Victorville City, and Victor Valley Stations. Specialized Investigations– Narcotics, SWAT, and Criminal Intelligence. Support Services– Technical Services, Communications, Records, and the Bureau of Administration. As Assistant Sheriff, US Dicus was responsible to the Sheriff for Support Operations, and supervises three Deputy Chiefs, the Public Affairs Lieutenant and the Legislative Liaison who oversee the Corrections Bureau, Court Security, Crime Lab, Coroner, Employee Resources, Sheriff’s Academy, Public Affairs, and local law enforcement legislative efforts. ×