IDOC: Pendleton IN.gov An official website of the Indiana State Government Language Translation Governor Mike Braun Indiana Department of Correction Find Inmate's DOC Number Start voice input Frequent Searches > Submit text search MENU Close Menu Pendleton Correctional Facility IDOC Facilities Adult Correctional Facilities Current: Pendleton Search DOC Number Adult Facilities Juvenile Facilities Re-Entry Services Parole Districts Communication & Support Hub New Visitor Registration Process Step 1: Register for ViaPath All Visitors must register for a ViaPath Account and be approved before scheduling in-person and online visits. Register Now Step 2: Supplemental Documentation Failure to submit this additional documentation could cause a delay in your application or may cause your application to be rejected. Search Visitation Coordinators Step 3: Schedule Visit Already registered? Remember all visitation requests observe Eastern time. Available dates and times will be listed for that incarcerated individuals facility. Schedule Visit Visitation Guidelines Community Advisory Board Program Information Pendleton Correctional Facility Visitation Attorney Visits Attorneys visits will not be considered as part of the offender's regular visitation schedule and these visitors need not be on the visitation list. All attorney visits are schedule by the Facility Litigation Liaison. Availability of space, security and safety of the facility determines if a special area may be set aside for attorney-client visits. If space is available, arrangements also may be made to allow clergy or approved spiritual advisors to have a separate space, outside of the regular visiting room/area, to meet with the incarcerated individual. In both cases, such space shall be observable by staff; however, staff shall not listen to the conversations. Search Facility Litigation Liaisons Visiting Guidelines All visitors must be on the offender's approved visitors list. Visitors may only visit the same offender once every 14 days. IDOC Visitation Policy Visitation Rules Community Advisory Board Community Advisory Board meet twice per year (every six months) but may meet more often as appropriate. Purpose To open avenues of communication between the facility and the communities near its operation; To assemble an eclectic group of community stakeholders to observe the operations of the facility from time to time, and to advise facility administrative staff on quality of life issues, and provide diverse perspectives on the effectiveness of facility operations and programs; To assist with the recruitment of a diverse and professional workforce; To promote the hiring of former incarcerated individuals; To help identify available community resources that could enhance the facility’s operation; and, To assist with promoting community awareness and understanding of correctional issues, and facility and Department initiatives. Programs For more information about the variety of programs the IDOC offers, please visit the Programs page. Note: Programs vary from facility to facility and are subject to change. Not all incarcerated individuals qualify or are appropriate for every program, individuals should work with their assigned case manager to see which programs they are eligible for. A.A./N.A (Alcoholics/Narcotics Anonymous) American Legion Barber Shop Because I Said I Would (B.I.S.I.W.) Changing Lives Through Literature Creative Writing E.V.A (Everyone's Value Acknowledged) ECHO - Communicable/Infectious Disease Education Education (G.E.D. - College) F.O.R.W.A.R.D. (Cat Sanctuary) I.C.A.N (Indiana Canine Assistant Network) Knitting and Crocheting Law Library Navigators P.L.U.S. (Purposeful Living Units Serve) R.W.I. (Recovery While Incarcerated) Re-Entry Religious Service Center (R.S.C.) S.T.E.P. (Shifting Thoughts Establishing Purpose) Shakespeare Thinking for a Change (T4C) Toastmasters True Self About Pendleton Correctional Facility The Pendleton Correctional Facility is a level three maximum security adult male facility located in Pendleton, Indiana. The facility also operates a minimum-security dormitory located adjacent to the main facility. The present-day Pendleton Correctional Facility can trace its origin to the banks of the Ohio River in Jeffersonville, Indiana. The first Indiana State Prison was constructed in Jeffersonville in 1821, and in 1897, was designated as the Indiana Reformatory. In 1918, fire destroyed a substantial portion of the Reformatory and in 1921 the facility was relocated to its current site. Many of the existing buildings are a product of this 1922-1923 construction. Five new housing units were completed in 1985. A new infirmary was completed in September 1988, and cell house renovations were completed in 2002, 2005 and 2009. In 1996, the Department of Correction was permitted to change the names of the facilities to be more representative of their geographical. As a result, the Indiana Reformatory was renamed the Pendleton Correctional Facility. Connect with us on Facebook for current updates and information. Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ I'm Interested in Volunteering Volunteers play a vital role helping the incarcerated population make a successful transition back into society. Learn More I'm Interested in a Career in Corrections Looking for an exciting new career path? Let us help you find one with the Indiana Department of Correction. Learn More Pendleton Correctional Facility Address Facility Location Pendleton Correctional Facility 4490 W. Reformatory Rd. Pendleton, IN 46064 Phone | (765) 778-2107 Send Mail to an Incarcerated Individual Offender Full Legal Name, DOC # Pendleton Correctional Facility PO Box 460 Pheonix, MD 21131 Attorney-client privileged mail, or packages and parcels, should continue to go directly to the facility. Reminder – After July 31, 2026, any personal mail sent to the wrong location will be returned to sender. Review Mail Restrictions I Want To Locate an Incarcerated Individual Visit an Incarcerated Individual Send Money to an Incarcerated Individual Send Enhanced Commissary to an Incarcerated Individual Contact an Incarcerated Individual Obtain Records of an Incarcerated Individual Register for Victim Notification. Find a career with the Indiana Department of Correction Online Services View ICI's Product Catalog Shop ICI's Torch & Stars Apparel Store Law Enforcement Notification System Indiana SAVIN Sex and Violent Incarcerated Individual Registry More IN.gov Online Services IN.gov Subscriber Center Top FAQs Indiana Department of Correction Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Email Report Accessibility Issues Screen Reader - Speak