Inmate Services & Visitation | Denton County, TX Skip to Main Content Public Notice Independence Day - Office Closure View County Holiday Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Your County Departments R - Z Sheriff Services Inmate Services & Visitation Inmate Services & Visitation Mail Service Inmate postal mail that is non-privileged, non-legal mail shall be sent to the following address Smart Communications / Denton County Jail Adam Smith #123456 (example inmate) PO Box 9144 Seminole, FL 33775-9144 Inmate postal mail that is privileged, legal mail shall be sent to the following address: Denton County Jail Adam Smith #123456 (example inmate) 127 North Woodrow Ln. Denton, TX 76205 The inmate’s name and booking/ID number must be clearly printed on the outside of the envelope or postcard to ensure the mail is posted to the correct inmate’s account. All regular inmate postal mail (postcards, letters, greeting cards, etc.) sent to the Smart Communications postal address will be scanned into the system and available to the inmates to view their postal mail via the kiosks. Friends and Family members are encouraged to subscribe to MailGuard Tracker. Sign up for a free account and view delivery status, receive notifications if your mail is rejected, and download copies of mail that has been received and processed. Upon release, inmates can login into the public website at smartinmate.com and enter their inmate number and password to download their photos, messages, and postal mail for FREE! Phone & Commissary Services Friends and Family may place money on inmates Commissary account by setting up an online account with CorrectPay.com or you may call 1-855-836-3364. If an inmate has over $300 in their account, a credit card deposit cannot be made at this time. The deposit can only be a cash deposit at the facility. Friends and Family may place money on an inmate’s Phone Debit account. They can add funds through the smartinmate.com website as well as calling the Customer Service/Support at 1-727-349-1561 . They need to create an account in order to add funds to an inmate's account. Denton County Sheriff’s Office Inmate Visitation All inmate visitation is by video visitation. All visitors will need to be registered online with HomeWav (see information below) in order to have a remote or on site visit (public area) with an inmate. Visitors MUST ONLY schedule a visit if they are going to come on site for a public visit. Remote visits cannot be scheduled. If visitors continue to schedule Public visits and not show up on site for that visit they will be subject to having their visitation privileges revoked. All remote visits are initiated by the inmate, not the visitor. Once a visitor registers and logs in to be online, the inmate can see their visitor is on line and initiate the call when they want. There is no scheduling for remote-home visits. Depending upon the Classification and Housing area of the inmate, remote-home visits may be limited. Public Visitation has moved to the Pod Jail Public Entrance on the Woodrow St side. The actual address is 127 Woodrow Lane Denton TX 76205. This is the entrance on the South-East side of the entire Jail Complex, just north of Troy Lagrone Lane. Entrance to Video Visitation: There will be two Public Kiosks available in order for the Public to visit on site if they cannot visit remotely. The hours for Pubic Visitation is currently on Saturday’s from 08:00 am to 7:30pm. There is a maximum of three visitors per visit and no more than two adults at any time per visitation kiosk. Visitors should arrive no earlier than 10 minutes prior to the scheduled visitation time. If there are too many people in the visitation room, you will be asked to wait in your vehicle until your scheduled time to visit. On-site visitation can be suspended at any time at the discretion of the Sheriff’s Office. All inmates are allowed up to two free visits per week at the Public On-Site provided they are not in a disciplinary housing. Visitors must schedule at least 24 hours prior to their visit time on Saturdays in order to visit. If they have issues when they arrive in getting connected on the Public kiosks they will need to contact Homewav at 844-394-6639, press 2 for a live support customer agent after choosing which language you want. Once a visitor registers and schedules a visit with an inmate, the inmate will need to approve the visit or deny the visit. If the inmate approves the visit, the time scheduled will then be approved for the visit. On Site Public Visits Saturday from 8 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Remote-Home Visits Sunday through Saturdays from 7:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. INMATE HANDBOOK Inmates at the Denton County Sheriff’s Office Jail are provided a copy of the inmate handbook. The inmate handbook is also available on a kiosk in each inmate’s housing area. The inmate handbook is the rules and regulations that inmates must follow while incarcerated at the Denton County Jail. The General Public will find the following topics in the handbook also useful for them: Commissary, Visitation, Telephone, Mail, and ordering books. All rules and regulations are subject to change. Inmate Handbook (PDF) Inmate Handbook Spanish (PDF) HOMEWAV Customer Support Center, 7 days a week, 8 am to 5 pm Central Time Phone: 844-394-6639 Email Customer Service Email Refunds HOMEWAV MOBILE APP Denton County Sheriff's Office Video Visitation Rules Policy (PDF) Elections Judicial Records Public Health Economic Development Bill Payments Notify Me® 1 Courthouse Drive Denton, TX 76208 Phone Directory Commissioners Court Development Services Economic Development Facilities Public Health Tax Assessor/Collector /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow