Jail Division / Hendricks County, Indiana Skip over navigation Start Content Jail Division Mission Statement : It is the mission of the Hendricks County Jail to provide a safe, secure and constitutional detention facility in the most respectful, professional and fiscally responsible manner possible. Division Overview: Captain Josh Watts is the commander of the Jail Division. There are currently 57 jail deputies assigned to the Division. All jail deputies are vested with the necessary special deputy powers to enforce the provisions of state law, pursuant to Indiana Code 36-8-10-6, and to perform all other duties imposed upon them by the Sheriff of Hendricks County, Indiana. The division operates within the newly built, state of the art Hendricks County Jail. The Jail Division is responsible for the safety and security of the jail and its inmate population. Jail deputies ensure the safe, secure, and humane custody of all individuals legally detained while awaiting the conclusion of their criminal proceedings. The Jail Division is responsible for all inmate transports, in and out of state, and operates a transport unit within the Division. Another specialized unit within the Division is the special response team (SRT). The SRT is a rapid-response team of specially trained jail deputies who respond to incidents in the jail, including but not limited to, housing disruptions and group demonstrations within the facility, violent offenders, cell extractions, contraband location, and mass searches. The SRT is equipped with non-lethal weapons and enters every incident with the goal of resolving each situation using the least amount of force necessary. The jail division provides deputies with opportunities for promotion, along with yearly in-service training and additional training options to support ongoing professional growth and certification. Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA): The Hendricks County Jail has a zero tolerance policy for any sexual behavior, harassment or misconduct by any inmate or staff member. Visitation: Visitation is conducted through the HomeWav Video Visitation system www.homewav.com Visitor Support number: 1-844-394-6639 All visitors are required to make an account on the HomeWav website New visitors accounts will be approved Monday thru Friday 8 a.m. - 4 p.m. Persons under the age of 18 years must be accompanied by an adult with a valid HomeWav account Three (3) thirty-minute (30) visits per inmate per week for onsite visitation. Onsite visitations are scheduled 24 hours in advance pending visitor approval Available during the hours of: Monday through Friday: 8:30 to 11:30 a.m., 1:00 to 5:30 p.m., 7:00 to 11:00 p.m. Saturday & Sunday: 1:00 to 5:30 p.m., 7:00 to 11:00 p.m. Remote video visitation is available. Rate for Video Visitation: $.25 a minute Rate for phone calls: $.20 a minute Rate for Video/Text message: $.40 per message VISITORS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR SCHEDULING VISITS. BY USING THE HENDRICKS COUNTY JAIL VIDEO VISITATION EQUIPMENT, YOU ARE SUBJECT TO RECORDING AND MONITORING. ALL VISITORS MUST DRESS APPROPRIATELY. SUGGESTED ATTIRE SHOULD BE APPROPRIATE TO WEAR AROUND SMALL CHILDREN. NO RECORDING DEVICES, CELL PHONES OR CAMERAS ARE ALLOWED IN THE VISITATION AREA OF THE JAIL. PLEASE LEAVE THESE ITEMS IN YOUR VEHICLE. NO FLASHING OR OBSCENE BEHAVIOR WILL BE TOLERATED. ANY VISITOR FOUND TO BE IN VIOLATION WILL BE BLOCKED FROM ALL FUTURE VISITS. Each visitor must register for a visitation account. During a visit, the visitor and the inmate must be logged in to the system under their individual credentials. No sharing visits by visitors or inmates. Professional Visitors: Professional visitors may be approved and shall be required to provide authorized credentials. Professional visitors may visit at any reasonable hour, except between the hours of 11:30 a.m. to 1:00 p.m., 4:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m., and not after 11:00 p.m. or before 8:00 a.m. Visitation hours may be restricted by the Jail staff should circumstances warrant such restriction. Inmate’s use of Telephones: Inmates now utilize HomeWav Voice through the video visitation systems to place regular phone calls. The phones are available in their housing areas daily from 8:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. HomeWav Voice cannot call pagers, internet phones, etc. The jail no longer sells phone cards in the lobby or on commissary. Money can be added to the inmate’s phone account through www.homewav.com utilizing the "Deposit Funds NOW!" button at the top of the HomeWav webpage. All new inmates receive $2.00 free phone credit to use for HomeWav Voice system to place phone calls. New inmates are provided opportunity to use the telephone after processing and during each 8-hour shift while in Holding pending court arraignment and classification to a housing unit. No phone calls are offered between Midnight 12:00 a.m. - 6 a.m. to inmates housed in Holding. Sheriff and Jail Staff can only deliver verifiable emergency telephone messages. Jail Supervisor will verify thru Hospital, Coroner, and Funeral Home etc. Inmate Correspondence: Anyone wishing to write to an Inmate must address the envelope as follows: Inmate’s Name: ____________________________ Prisoner ID Number: ________________________ Post Office Box 87 Danville, IN 46122-0087 All mail must include COMPLETE “Return Name & Address”. Correspondence without a return address is non-deliverable. No return address labels. For rules and regulations for jail mail follow link below: Hendricks County Jail Incoming Mail Policy Library Books: No books will be accepted at the Hendricks County Jail unless mailed from a bookstore or a publisher. Bonding: Bond information can be obtained by calling the Jail at (317)-745-9332; 24 hours daily. Commercial Bonds: Commercial Bonds require an indemnifier (co-signer) and a bondsman who receive a nonrefundable 10% of total bond from indemnifier. Acceptance of Cash, Check, and Money Order, credit card or any kind of collateral is at the sole discretion of the Bondsman. Anyone wishing to post a commercial bond must contact a bondsman of their own choosing; the jail staff can’t contact bondsman. Out of state, non-Indiana inmates may require 110% collateral to bondsman. Open Court Bonds may require appearance in court of defendant, indemnifier and bondsman. Bondsman can make arraignments with court to schedule appearance for open court bonds. Cash Bonds: Cash bonds are 100% of amount and require an indemnifier but don’t require a bondsman. Jail Staff will complete cash bond forms and direct indemnifier to Clerk’s Office for payment and indemnifier returns to jail with receipt. After business hours, on weekends and Holidays the jail will complete cash bond forms and accept money orders made payable to either the Hendricks County Clerk or Plainfield Town Clerk or Brownsburg Town Clerk. An Inmate can, without notice , be released time served or by Court Order and/or transported to other agencies. Transport information will not be released for security/safety reasons. Commissary Funds: We do not accept any money orders, cash or checks through the mail. Commissary is issued twice weekly on Tuesday and Thursday. Ordering is on Monday and Wednesday up to 4 pm. If an inmate is released or transferred before the commissary is issued, it will be credited and the money put back on his/her account. A lobby Kiosk is available at the Jail Entry 24 hours a day to deposit money to an inmate account. *Deposit Commissary account *Kiosk accepts cash ($5, $10, $20, $50, and $100 bills) *Accept credit and debit cards Make a deposit to a commissary fund or prepaid telephone account by using one of the following services if you are unable to make a Kiosk Deposit: Online Prepaid Phone Deposits: www.homewav.com Online Commissary Deposits: www.ConnectNetwork.com By Telephone for Prepaid Phone Deposits: HomeWav 1-844-394-6639 By Telephone for Commissary Deposits: Trust: 888-988-4768 Vehicle Tow Impound: Vehicle tow-in information ( provided the Hendricks County Sheriff’s Office is the arresting agency) can be obtained from the Administrative Office at (317) 745-6269 during business hours or the jail after hours. Otherwise, Vehicle Releases must be obtained from the appropriate arresting agency. Vehicle Releases are provided to the registered owner(s) ONLY . However, if the registered owner is incarcerated, Vehicle Releases can be obtained by acquiring a notarized statement from the Inmate releasing the vehicle to an authorized person. Please contact the Jail Staff or the Sheriff’s Staff for this form. Inmate Medical: The Hendricks County Jail provides medical care with Physicians and Registered Nurses through a licensed health care provider. Sick call for inmates is available daily (scheduling varies.) There is a $10.00 co-pay for doctor visits, and nurse sick calls, $10.00 medication co-pay. Dental care is provided within the facility. Dental care is provided for extraction and infection control. There is a $10.00 co-pay for dental visits. Inmates will be assessed a $10.00 fee for all labs and x-rays. While incarcerated; the inmate is under the care of the jail physician, who will insure medical care is provided. Medication/Prescription refills may be brought in for authorization by the jail physician. If approved, they will be given in accordance with jail physician’s order. Emergency care is provided 24 hours daily 7 days a week at Hendricks County Community Hospital. Information regarding an inmate’s medical status can only be released through proper medical channels with HIPPA Form authorization (doctor’s office, hospitals, etc.) Information can’t be released to family members or friends. Dietary Requirements: Any necessary dietary requirements must be directed to the attention of the Jail and Medical Staff. These special dietary requirements are reviewed and prescribed by Jail Physician and/or approved by Jail Commander and Kitchen Manager/Dietician. Inmate Handbook: Inmate Handbook (NEW) 2024 INMATE CLOTHING ITEMS: MEN & WOMEN No clothing items are permitted to be sent through the mail or dropped off for any inmate. Any clothing outside of state issued shirt and pants, and what is allowed to be kept at time of incarceration, must be purchased from the facility commissary. Clothing for court appearances is exempt from this policy. Arrangements must be made in advance of drop-off. NO BOOKS, CROSSWORD PUZZLES, OR MAGAZINES Contact Us Sheriff’s Office 189 E Campus Blvd P.O. Box 87 Danville, IN 46122 Get Directions Staff Directory In this Department Jump to a division Make a Selection Investigations Division Enforcement Division Jail Division Section Home More Information Find content and services related to this page. Jump to a content archive Make a Selection Document Center - Forms & Applications