Sheriff | Kane County, UT Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Departments Sheriff Sheriff Mission Statement Our mission as caretaker of the public's safety is dedicated to maintaining the trust and respect of those we serve by resolutely and aggressively enforcing the law and by committing ourselves to the efficient and effective delivery of safety services. As agents of the community, we strive to provide appropriate custodial care along with programs that support the physical, spiritual and constitutional needs of individuals committed to our custody. Further, every effort will be made to assist the inmates in our custody to understand and take responsibility for their involvement in the justice system. Emergency Services Kane County Office of Emergency Services is responsible for emergency preparedness, planning and response activities within Kane County. Dispatch The Kane County Sheriff's Office 911 Communication Center is a multi-jurisdictional dispatch center responsible for the deployment of several Police, Fire, and Medical agencies located within Kane County Utah and Northern Coconino County Arizona. Everbridge Emergency Notification The Office of Emergency Services has implemented a Community Emergency Notification System. It allows the County to rapidly notify residents and businesses by telephone. Search & Rescue Kane County Sheriff's Search & Rescue has squads in Big Water, Kanab, Orderville, East Zion and Cedar Mountain that all work together under the guidance of the Sheriff's Director of Emergency Services. Jail The Kane County Jail is a part of the Kane County Public Safety Complex. Bail and Fines Information about paying bail and fines. Inmate Information Find inmate visitation instructions and other information. Pretrial Services Pretrial Services allows qualifying individuals to be released from jail while awaiting a court hearing. Law Enforcement Patrol is the backbone of the Sheriff's Office and is the agency's largest department and the most visible. Tactical Tracking Class This course has been developed specifically for law enforcement agencies. Learn to track, locate and apprehend subjects in rural terrain, in any environment, by applying the principals of tactical tracking. Civil Process The Kane County Sheriff's Office provides services for the processing and execution of civil process. Fingerprinting The Kane County Sheriff's Office offers the service of fingerprinting to the public for Employment Background Checks, Utah Driver Privilege Cards, Utah Concealed Firearm Permit, and any other reason the public may need their fingerprints taken. Records Requests Find instructions and information for Sheriff's Office Records Requests. Deputy Brian Harris Memorial We at Kane County Sheriff's Office are greatly saddened for the loss of our friend, our brother and our colleague, Deputy Brian Harris, who until the very end performed his duties and responsibilities with honor and integrity. Kane County Critical Incident Task Force Investigative Protocol Investigative protocols Definition for Place of Permanent Habitation for Unincorporated Kane County (PDF) Guidelines for Campfires (PDF) Kane County Approved Fire Pit Standard Guidelines (PDF) Kane County Secondary Employment Policy (PDF) Kane County Sheriff Fillable GRAMA Request Form (PDF) Law Enforcement and Corrections Application (PDF) Power of State Forester to Close Hazardous Areas (PDF) Image does not exist Contact Us Tracy Glover Sheriff More Information Sheriff Contact the Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 971 E Kaneplex Drive Kanab , UT 84741 971 E Kaneplex Drive Kanab UT 84741 Directions Phone: 435-644-4916 Fax: 435-644-2096 Emergency Phone: 911 Additional Contact Information Submit a Tip Victim Services: 435-644-4989 Kane County Tracking Class : 435-644-4916 24 Hour Dispatch Toll-Free: 877-644-2349 Dispatch Fax: 435-644-5517 Directory Utah Peace Officer's Association Inmate Accounts To put money in an inmate account Utah Courts Self Help This link will assist you in filling out protective orders, divorce papers, and civil stalking orders, as well as other legal documents. Utah Courts Utah Courts is an informative website. Utah Sheriff's Association Utah Statewide Warrants Search See if you have a warrant. Victim Information Link The VINE network gives information to victims about offenders. /QuickLinks.aspx Elections Permits & Applications Employment Opportunities Kane County Courthouse 76 N Main Kanab, UT 84741 Directory Meetings and Events Announcements and News Everbridge /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow