Scott County Sheriff – Scott County Kentucky, USA Skip to content Welcome to the Scott County Sheriff’s Office. I am proud to say that the Sheriff’s Office is offering a greater return than ever to its taxpayers. We are providing service more efficiently than ever, and we’re doing it better. As Scott County makes an impact in the 21st century, the following issues require our earnest attention: Professionalism Increased Training 24 Hour/Day, 7 Day/Week Service Sheriff Jeremy Nettles Hello Scott County, I am Jeremy Nettles, your newly appointed Scott County Sheriff. With being given this prestigious opportunity, I’d like to share a little bit about myself for those who may not know me. I’m a raised Scott Countian who attended Scott County High School and graduated in 2003. After two years attending Georgetown College, I transferred to Eastern Kentucky University where I graduated with a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice. I am happily married in a blended family with 1 son and 3 step-sons and enjoy spending most days with them outdoors on our farm. I have spent the entire 16 years of my law-enforcement career serving the citizens of Scott County as a member of the Scott County Sheriff’s Office. In that time, I’ve served in multiple capacities: I was a member of our SRT team, a K-9 handler, detective and in charge of our property room evidence, amongst several other duties. I started my career as a Patrol Deputy and have worked tirelessly through the ranks being promoted to Sergeant, Lieutenant, then Captain, Chief Deputy, and now Sheriff. I have been blessed to be such a big part of the high-quality service our office has always provided. I want to ensure each and every Scott Countian you all have a Sheriff in me who will not take this position for granted. I will continue to serve with integrity, honesty, and be fair and available to the members of the community we all love. I can’t say enough good things about my time at the Scott County Sheriff’s Office. I’ve been fortunate to serve two Sheriff’s (recently passed Sheriff Bobby Hammons and Sheriff Tony Hampton) who led by example and put me in positions to succeed. After making the decision to retire last year, Sheriff Hampton began preparing me for the possibility of this opportunity. I’ve been responsible for personnel decisions, our county taxes, meeting with and satisfying our auditors, Fiscal Court meetings, budget decisions and much more. I assure you this county is getting a Sheriff who is prepared to ‘hit the ground running’ and lead this office. I intend to adequately and fairly serve each and every member of this community. I plan to guide this agency into the future, motivate our staff members to be the best version of themselves and to develop and inspire personal growth. I am humbled by the support shown to me over the recent weeks and I’m excited to get to work as your Sheriff! Like Us On Facebook Copyright © 2026 Scott County Sheriff — Primer WordPress theme by Custom Solutions, Inc.