Potter County English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Khmer Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Nepali Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Contact Us Potter County Sheriff's Department 1 East Second St. Room 24 Coudersport, PA 16915 (814) 274-9350 (814) 274-4225 Email Mon - Fri 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Closed for lunch daily 12 pm - 1 pm PA Handgun Laws NRA-ILA (Institute for Legal Action) Pennsylvania Firearm Owners Association Pennsylvania State Police Sheriff Sheriff’s Office The Potter County Sheriff’s Office plays a crucial role in enforcing civil process and providing court-related services. While not the chief law enforcement agency in Pennsylvania, the Sheriff’s Office is responsible for serving legal documents, such as subpoenas, writs, and eviction notices, as well as executing court orders. Additionally, the office manages courthouse security, oversees the transport of inmates, and issues firearm permits. As an elected official, the Sheriff is directly accountable to the public, ensuring the smooth operation of these essential civil and judicial functions. Residents often reach out to the Sheriff’s Office for matters related to court processes, legal document service, and concealed carry permits. We are processing and serving civil complaints. If you have a Court Emergency or a scheduled Court related hearing, please call (814) 274-9720 prior to coming. Contact Kevin Siska Sheriff ksiska@pottercountypa.net | Ext. 231 Ray Inman Chief Deputy Sheriff rinman@pottercountypa.net | Ext. 238 Bill Moon Deputy Sheriff wmoon@pottercountypa.net | Ext. 232 Kyle Kalasnik Deputy Sheriff kkalasnik@pottercountypa.net | Ext. 239 Kayla Mead Secretary kmead@pottercountypa.net | Ext. 230 Civil Processing Fee A return self-addressed stamped envelope is required. $150 deposit for service of a complaint * $250 deposit for service of a Writ of Execution of Personal Property * $1,500 deposit for service of a Writ of Execution for Real Estate Any questions, please contact the office. Pistol Permits Do not come to the courthouse to obtain your permit. Follow mail in instructions and wait until we contact you for issuance. PLEASE make sure you do not mail in payment, please bring it at time of application Potter County Residents Instructions The applicant must be at least 21 years of age and reside in Potter County, Pennsylvania. The applicant must furnish a valid PA Driver’s License with the current physical address. A post office box, RR or RD will not be accepted as a legal residence. The application form must be completed legibly and completely by typing or block printing in black or blue ink. The fee is $20.00 cash or check made payable to the Potter County Sheriff’s Office. Debit or credit cards are not accepted. All information on the application shall be complete. Out Of State Residents Instructions See above requirements as most are applicable. The applicant will need a valid driver’s license and FULL CARRY, NO RESTRICTION or CONCEALED CARRY permit. Permits with restrictions such as target shooting, hunting or sportsman’s license are not accepted. Addresses on both identifications must match. Please have the form completed and a copy of driver’s license and current permit enclosed when mailing application. The fee is $20.00 cash or check made payable to the Potter County Sheriff’s Office. Debit or credit cards are not accepted. WARNING: Furnishing false information or offering false evidence of identity is a violation of Section 4904 (related to unsworn falsification to authorities) and will be prosecuted. If you cannot print the application on one piece of paper, you will be required to sign the second page acknowledging you have read the disqualifying factors to obtaining a pistol permit. The Potter County Sheriff’s Department will be processing all Potter County resident pistol permits by mail. Once we have processed the permit and it is ready for issuance, we will contact you to schedule a date and time for you to come into our office to get your picture and signature to issue you your License To Carry. See Press Release for complete instructions. Document Center The Document Center provides easy access to public documents. Click on one of the categories below to see related documents or use the search function. Search for file name: Categories always sorted by seq (sub-categories sorted within each category) Documents sorted by SEQ in Ascending Order within category RESET Sheriff Sale 2 documents Sheriff Sale Dates document seq 0.00 Sheriff Sale Terms document seq 0.00 Pistol Permits 4 documents Law Enforcement Officer Safety Act document seq 0.00 Notice for License to Carry document seq 0.00 PA Concealed Carry Application document seq 0.00 Pistol Permit Agreement: Press Release document seq 0.00 Share this page Share this page Close Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility