Sheriff | Clallam County, WA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff While the role of Sheriff has origins predating America, the office was established in Washington in 1853 as the territory was formed. The duties of the office are prescribed in RCW 36.28 . Report a Crime If this is an emergency, dial 911! If the crime occurred within city limits you will need to file your report with Sequim, Port Angeles, or Forks Police Department. If it is not an emergency or a crime in progress, you may be able to report your crime online. You may also call 360-417-2459 if you need to speak with a deputy. Deputies are frequently not in the office, so stopping by the courthouse to speak with one during business hours is recommended only after scheduling a meeting on the phone. Online reports will be reviewed by a deputy and you will be contacted for follow-up questions as needed. You will be able to print your case report for free from your email once it has been approved. You may also submit crime tips anonymously through this online reporting portal. To file an online report, please press the button below. If the type of crime you wish to report is not listed, you should call to file your report with a deputy instead. File Online Report What Happens after I file a Report? REPORT your crime online. After you complete your report you will see "Your Online Report Has Been Submitted." RECEIVE a temporary report. You will immediately be given a temporary transaction number. This is your confirmation number but not your official police report number. APPROVAL of your report. If your report is approved, you will receive an email with the official case report number. This is the number you need to file with your insurance company. MISSION STATMENT The Clallam County Sheriff's Office is committed to providing Ethical, Quality, and Responsive Service to the community with Pride and Professionalism. This commitment encompasses the improvement of the quality of life for those we serve, by delivering the highest standard of law enforcement services. ORGANIZATIONAL VALUES Commitment to Service The primary duty of the Clallam County Sheriff’s Office is to safeguard lives and property, while respecting the human and Constitutional rights of all. Commitment to Community Involvement Community partnerships are critical elements of our organization. Cooperation and communication with our citizens and businesses is the framework for successful Community Oriented Policing. Commitment to Employees Our employees are the greatest and most valuable assets of our organization; and that through regular training, education, career development, exemplary leadership and organizational support, our employees will reach the highest standards of performance and professional satisfaction, while serving the needs of our community. Commitment to Responsibility & Accountability The prudent and effective management of our resources is critical to the future of our organization. VISION The vision of the Clallam County Sheriff's Department is to foster an environment where citizens feel safe and take pride and comfort in the quality of life in our community; and that the quality of life will be positively impacted by the incorporation of community-oriented policing strategies, positive leadership, contemporary technologies, and efficient and effective use of resources in the delivery of all law enforcement services. Sign Up to the Clallam County Alert System Get alerted about emergencies and other important community news. Customize what kinds of information you want to receive, and how you want to receive it! Visit the Project SAFER website Special Assistance For Emergency Response Brian King Sheriff More Information Sheriff's Office Contact the Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 223 E 4th Street Suite 12 Port Angeles , WA 98362 223 E 4th Street Suite 12 Port Angeles WA 98362 Directions Mailing Address 223 E 4th Street Suite 12 Port Angeles , WA 98362-3015 Phone 360-417-2262 Fax 360-417-2498 Emergency Phone 911 View the Staff Directory Search the Staff Directory Commendations and Complaints Non-Emergency Dispatch: 360-417-2459 (24 hours) Hours Monday through Friday 8:00 am to 4:30 pm Courthouse Hours (Including Holidays) Accredite Done Editing d Agency Clallam County Sheriff's Office is a Washington Association of Sheriffs & Police Chiefs (WASPC) accredited agency. Agendas & Minutes Public Records Public GIS Portal Employment Clallam County 223 East 4th Street Port Angeles, WA 98362 Phone: 360-417-2000 Bid Opportunities Camping County Jobs Courthouse Hours and Legal Holidays Elections Jail Roster Parcel / Address Search (Property Search) Permit Portal /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow