IDOC: Reception Diagnostic Center IN.gov An official website of the Indiana State Government Language Translation Governor Mike Braun Indiana Department of Correction Find Inmate's DOC Number Start voice input Frequent Searches > Submit text search MENU Close Menu Reception Diagnostic Center IDOC Facilities Adult Correctional Facilities Current: Reception Diagnostic Center Search DOC Number Adult Facilities Juvenile Facilities Re-Entry Services Parole Districts Communication & Support Hub Visitation Guidelines Chirp Devices Community Advisory Board Intake Process Reception Diagnostic Center Visitation Attorney Visits Attorneys visits will not be considered as part of the offender's regular visitation schedule and these visitors need not be on the visitation list. All attorney visits are schedule by the Facility Litigation Liaison. Availability of space, security and safety of the facility determines if a special area may be set aside for attorney-client visits. If space is available, arrangements also may be made to allow clergy or approved spiritual advisors to have a separate space, outside of the regular visiting room/area, to meet with the incarcerated individual. In both cases, such space shall be observable by staff; however, staff shall not listen to the conversations. Search Facility Litigation Liaisons Visiting Guidelines Visitation for offenders at the Reception Diagnostic Center (RDC) is limited to legal representatives and clergy only and is arranged on a case-by-case basis. Offenders are not allowed visits from friends and family while at RDC, however they may receive mail correspondence. Mail must be addressed to the offender, with his DOC number included, on the outside of the envelope, and sent to the facility’s address listed in the facility overview section. IDOC Visitation Policy Chirp Devices Are a real-time text messaging service provided to residents at RDC and monitored by IDOC Staff. These messages will inform the person the inmate Chirped of the facility they are located and ask them to go to a direct link to add money to the inmate's account. Any money in the inmate's commissary/trust account with the facility or their Pin Debt Account CANNOT be used for Chirping. Friends & Family can create a Chirping account online at inmatesale.com to add money to an offender's account. General Rules All Chirp communications are subject to review. All messages are not private. Misuse of the Chirp device may result in discipline action or sanction of use of the device per department policy. If the device assigned to the I.I. or any other device is damaged or missing, there will be a charge of $200.00 to the I.I., immediately due and payable. They will be charged with both criminal and civil actions. Any funds available through their commissary/trust at the facility will be immediately transferred for the damages. The I.I. will not be provided another Chirping device while at this facility or at any other facilities that offer Chirping. There are no second chances in this agreement. Any money applied to the I.I.'s Chirping account is non-transferable, and the remaining balance at this facility can remain on an account and be available if they return. Their contact list can be erased or edited at any time without notice. Contacts are for convenience only and are not guaranteed. A refunded can be requested by the giver who added the funds to the I.I.'s account. To request a refund contact Combined Public Communications at (977) 998-5678. The Chirp message cost $0.10 per 160 characters , messages may exceed 160 characters, charges will apply for every 160 characters - inbound and outbound. all outbound Chirps are billed; however, they are only billed for the inbound Chirps that are accepted/opened. If a message contain profanity, a filter will be applied that will remove the profanity from the message prior to sending. It is up to the facilities to determine who is allowed to use the Chirping service. The facility can terminate the use of the Chirping service at any time that facility staff deem necessary . Add Money to a Chirping Account Community Advisory Board Community Advisory Board meet twice per year (every six months) but may meet more often as appropriate. Purpose To open avenues of communication between the facility and the communities near its operation; To assemble an eclectic group of community stakeholders to observe the operations of the facility from time to time, and to advise facility administrative staff on quality of life issues, and provide diverse perspectives on the effectiveness of facility operations and programs; To assist with the recruitment of a diverse and professional workforce; To promote the hiring of former incarcerated individuals; To help identify available community resources that could enhance the facility’s operation; and, To assist with promoting community awareness and understanding of correctional issues, and facility and Department initiatives. Intake Process Because the intake facility is a temporary placement, programs and visitation are not initiated during this process. Incarcerated individuals may receive written correspondence and phone calls while at the intake facility. During the intake process each incarcerated individuals is evaluated through interviews, reports, and diagnostic tests. This evaluation forms the basis of the incarcerated individuals' facility and program assignment. For more information about the variety of programs the IDOC offers, please visit the Programs page. Note: Programs vary from facility to facility and are subject to change. Not all incarcerated individuals qualify or are appropriate for every program, individuals should work with their assigned case manager to see which programs they are eligible for. About Reception Diagnostic Center The Reception Diagnostic Center (RDC) is a maximum-security intake facility for adult males sentenced to the Indiana Department of Correction. All adult males are received at RDC, classified, and transferred to long-term facilities. The facility was completed in two phases in 1971 and 1993 and has a capacity of more than 600 incarcerated individuals. During intake, incarcerated individuals are seen by multiple divisions throughout DOC for assessments, including for their physical and emotional health, addiction recovery services, educational and work opportunities, and other needs, which help determine which of the state’s facilities best meet their needs. Connect with us on Facebook for current updates and information. Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ I'm Interested in Volunteering Volunteers play a vital role helping the incarcerated population make a successful transition back into society. Learn More I'm Interested in a Career in Corrections Looking for an exciting new career path? Let us help you find one with the Indiana Department of Correction. Learn More Reception Diagnostic Center Address Facility Location Reception Diagnostic Center 737 Moon Road Plainfield, IN 46168 Phone | (317) 839-7727 Send Mail to an Incarcerated Individual Offender Full Legal Name, DOC # Reception Diagnostic Center 727 Moon Road Plainfield, IN 46168 Reminder - Address both envelope and letter. All incoming and outgoing mail is opened, examined, and read by designated staff. Review Mail Restrictions I Want To Locate an Incarcerated Individual Visit an Incarcerated Individual Send Money to an Incarcerated Individual Send Enhanced Commissary to an Incarcerated Individual Contact an Incarcerated Individual Obtain Records of an Incarcerated Individual Register for Victim Notification. Find a career with the Indiana Department of Correction Online Services View ICI's Product Catalog Shop ICI's Torch & Stars Apparel Store Law Enforcement Notification System Indiana SAVIN Sex and Violent Incarcerated Individual Registry More IN.gov Online Services IN.gov Subscriber Center Top FAQs Indiana Department of Correction Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Email Report Accessibility Issues Screen Reader - Speak