BonnerSO.org | Bonner County Sheriff Welcome WELCOME FROM THE SHERIFF — It is with great pleasure that I welcome you to the Bonner County Sheriff’s website. This site was developed to provide you with an in-depth look at our agency and to facilitate electronic communication from you, to us. More Info Join The Team Behind the badge are men and women of character and integrity who work hard to protect and serve our community by upholding the U.S. Constitution. The Bonner County Sheriff’s Office offers a comprehensive benefit package designed to provide employees, and their families with a broad range of employer and employee paid benefit options.Do you have what it takes? More Info Our Mission The mission of the Bonner County Sheriff’s Office is to consistently contribute to Bonner County’s reputation as a safe place to live, work, learn, play, and visit by providing the highest quality law enforcement, investigations, support, and public safety educational services possible, within the resources provided to us. More Info Jail Assessment Town Hall Download PDF Watch Video Services, Departments & Facebook  Warrant Information Current information on Warrants in Bonner County.  Volunteer Our trained and dedicated volunteers support the Sheriff’s Office’s Sworn Deputies and Professional Staff in a variety of positions. v Report Crimes For Non-Emergency criminal activity you can use the Citizen Crime Report and remain anonymous  Concealed Carry You may pick up the application and instructions from the front desk at the Sheriff’s Office. Learn more here.  Drivers License Apply for your drivers license and learn about various requirements that you’ll need before you come.  Boating Info The mission of the Marine Division is to provide a safe & enjoyable boating environment on the waterways of the County. Please visit our Facebook page for the latest news from the Bonner County Sheriff’s Office.  Employment Have you ever dreamed of becoming a Deputy Sheriff? Come join our team that keeps Bonner County a safe. Website Design and Hosting by TLCWebHosting.com Internal Reports