Hernando County Detention Hernando County Detention Division The Hernando County Detention Center is the central booking and intake location for all law enforcement agencies operating in Hernando County. The care, custody and control of individuals arrested in Hernando County by the Sheriff's Office and various state and local police agencies is the responsibility of the Detention Center. Confined in the Hernando County Detention Center are those individuals who have been arrested and held without bond, been unable to post bail set by the courts, are being transferred from other states or counties while awaiting trial in Hernando County, or those found guilty and sentenced to serve less than one year in county jail. The Sheriff operates the Hernando County Detention Center which has an authorized capacity of 812 inmates. The facility houses males, females and juveniles between the ages of 14 and 17 who have been adjudicated for treatment as adults charged or sentenced on misdemeanor and felony crimes. Mission Statement The Mission of the Hernando County Sheriff's Office, Detention Division is: to protect the citizens of Hernando County by providing Care, Custody and Control of legally confined persons; to provide for the safety of inmates and staff while maintaining a humane living and working environment; to provide inmate services through medical, life skills and treatment programs; and to comply with all federal, state and local laws Core Values Respect- We recognize that all members, regardless of rank, are important to our mission and deserve respect. We embrace cultural diversity and understand that the service we provide is greatly improved through the efforts of a diverse staff. Ingenuity- We recognize the intelligence and life experience of our diverse workforce and solicit that experience toward meeting the challenges that we face. Teamwork- We understand that individually we are strong and that combining our strengths and working together is the best way to accomplish our mission. Accountability- We will conduct ourselves in a manner above reproach; we realize, on occasion, we may fall short and expect to be held accountable for our actions in a fair and consistent manner. Education- We recognize that criminal justice is a field of evolving complexity that requires highly educated, 'Big Picture Thinkers,' to meet the challenges of tomorrow and lead the organization into the future. Pride- We are proud of the organization which we have built, and will continue to strive for excellence and be the example for others to follow. Integrity- We will earn trust by utilizing the utmost standard of ethics, which includes honesty without deception and to make morally right decisions. We will incorporate honor, integrity, and fairness in all of our actions. We seek to be a source of credit and distinction in our service to the community by maintaining a safe and humane environment for those in our charge. Vision Statement The Hernando County Sheriff's Office, Detention Division envisions a professional correctional staff that are dedicated to service and partnership with the community, and who ensure fiscal responsibility while being proactive in training, education, and recruitment. Florida Model Jail Standards (FMJS) The Florida Model Jail Standards are minimum standards which jails across Florida must meet to ensure the constitutional rights of those incarcerated are upheld. Prior to 1996, the Florida Department of Corrections was responsible for the standards and inspection process for local county jails. Legislation was passed in 1996 that gave the authority of inspections to the local level. This change required the Florida Sheriffs Association and Florida Association of Counties to appoint individuals to serve on a Committee that would govern standards that local jails must comply with. The Florida Model Jail Standards Committee has three representatives appointed by the Florida Sheriffs Association and two appointed by the Florida Association of Counties. Florida Sheriffs Association provides support to the FMJS Committee; however the FMJS Committee is a separate entity. Committee members serve two-year terms and elect a chair. The goal of the FMJS Committee is to develop and continually enforce jail model standards adopted by the committee. Florida Corrections Accreditation Commission (FCAC) An accreditation program has long been recognized as a means of maintaining the highest standards of professionalism. Accreditation is the certification by an independent reviewing authority that an entity has met specific requirements and prescribed standards. Schools, universities, and hospitals are some of the most well-known organizations that are required to maintain accreditation. Now, correctional facilities in Florida can attain accreditation status through the Florida Corrections Accreditation Commission, Inc. (FCAC). The Commission is comprised of 12 volunteer members, one of which is a representative appointed by the Office of the Chief Inspector General. The Commission meets three times per year to oversee the accreditation program, and to officially accredit, or reaccredit, agencies that have passed the rigorous review process. Hernando County Detention Center PREA Accreditation Accredited on June 28, 2024 Hernando County Detention Center FCAC Accreditations Accredited on June 25, 2013 in Bonita Springs Reaccredited on June 21, 2016 in Orlando Reaccredited on June 25, 2019 in Orlando Reaccredited on June 15, 2022 in Orlando Reaccredited on June 18, 2025 in Orlando