Comanche County Oklahoma Sheriff's Department ** Beware of Phone Scams Impersonating the Sheriff's Office! ** We've received reports that scammers are pretending to call from the Sheriff's Department and demanding money. We will NEVER ask you for money over the phone. We will NEVER ask you to pay for anything with PayPal or Gift Cards. Scammers can spoof telephone numbers to look like the calls are coming from us, but they are not. Simply hang up on them. If they continue to harass you, please report it to us by calling (580) 353-4280. Close This Message "No man is above the law and no man is below it; nor do we ask any man's permission when we require him to obey it." -- Theodore Roosevelt Comanche County, Oklahoma Comanche County is named for the Comanche Tribe that once roamed this area in large numbers. In the late 1800s, the U.S. Government opened the western parts of the territory to settlers. Comanche County was established on August 6, 1901. On November 16, 1907, Oklahoma became the 46th state in the union. Thus, a number of Comanche County communities existed before statehood. Comanche County encompasses over 1,069 square miles. Comanche County is located in southwestern Oklahoma, approximately 100 miles southwest of Oklahoma City. The county is host to Fort Sill, a major installation of the U.S. Army, which serves as the base for the U.S. Army Field Artillery School and the U.S. Army Air Defense School. Also, within the county is the Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge. Cities within Comanche County include the county seat Lawton, Indiahoma, Cache, Chattanooga, Faxon, Geronimo, Sterling, Fletcher, Elgin and Medicine Park. Comanche County's economy is based largely on agriculture, livestock, and the military presence at Fort Sill. Comanche County is also home to plants operated by Goodyear Tire and Rubber, Republic Paper and Bar-S Foods. Links Civil Process Command Staff Concealed Weapon Permit Criminal Investigations D. A. R. E. Employment FAQs Information & Alerts Officer Accolades Patrol Records Reserves S.T.A.R. Posse Sheriff Sales Special Operations Submit Crime Tips Lawton Crimestoppers Email Tips to the Sheriff's Dept. Call the Sheriff (580) 353-4280 Contact Info Comanche County Sheriff 315 SW 5th Street, #102 Lawton, Oklahoma 73501 Phone: (580) 353-4280 Comanche County Map Administrative Office Hours: Monday thru Friday 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Comanche County Sheriff's Department On Facebook More Resources Call 988 for Mental Health Help Comanche County Website National Center for Missing and Exploited Children National Sheriff's Association Oklahoma Sheriff's Association