Sheriff | Clark County WI top of page Search Website... CLARK COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE Emergency, Life Threatening, & Crimes in Progress - 911 Non Emergency (715) 743-3157 | Toll Free (800) 743-2420​ For updates, events, and need-to-know information, follow us on Facebook Serving Clark County for 168 years 2026 Wisconsin Treatment Guide Quick Links: Parent's Guide to Fentanyl WE ARE HIRING! Come join our team! The Sheriff's Office is looking to fill the following positions: ​ Female Corrections Deputy ​ ​ Patrol Deputy Courthouse Security Deputy For Corrections/Telecommunications hires - upon hire, starting pay is $26.09 – $26.95, depending on experience with an additional $2.00 per hour for night shifts and guaranteed increase within the year. Once trained, incentive pay of $25.00/per shift for open shifts. ​ To complete an application or for more information on employment opportunities, click HERE . Help us purchase a new K9! Click here to read more about the K9 Program and our efforts to better serve the community. MISSION STATEMENT To work in partnership with our community and surrounding agencies to provide effective and professional public safety services with Integrity, Honor and Compassion. VISION STATEMENT To lead by example through innovation, continuous learning and quality leadership. We will pursue and employ the best-trained, equipped and committed professionals who demonstrate the highest standards of excellence. We will preserve the peace, protect property, prevent crime and build relationships with the public; while remaining committed to enhancing the quality of life for all the people of Clark County. VALUES STATEMENT The Clark County Sheriff’s Office embraces these Core Values: Duty, Integrity, Respect, Team, and Safety. Duty: To meet the demands and expectations of the public, to lead by example and hold ourselves to a higher ethical standard. Integrity: The Sheriff’s Office understands trust is earned from our community, through honest actions and open dialogue. Respect: As community servants, the Sheriff’s Office will treat the public and each other ethically while exhibiting kindness, compassion, empathy, sympathy, justice and braver Team: Members of the Sheriff’s Office place the well-being of others above their own. Recognizing the importance of each Office member, we do our utmost to encourage and assist one another to develop as professionals Safety: We are committed to the highest level of safety through quality training, teamwork, leadership and innovation. Become part of the team! Numerous positions available. Start your new career and secure your future. ​ Upon hire, starting pay is $26.09 – $26.95, depending on experience with an additional $2.00 per hour for night shifts and guaranteed increase within the year. Once trained, incentive pay of $25.00/per shift for open shifts. APPLY ONLINE CLICK HERE Clark County Sheriff's Office | 517 Court St, Room 308 | Neillsville, WI 54456 bottom of page