Sheriff | Spokane County, WA Skip to Main Content Search Law Enforcement Training See It, Say It Crime Tips Crime Stoppers UPDATE: Adrian J. Cooper has been located, and he is safe. UPDATE: Adrian J. Cooper has been located, and he is safe. Read on... SVIU Detectives Arrest a Convicted Felon for Drug Sales/Distribution Operation Stampede: Spokane Valley Investigative Unit (SVIU) Detectives, while serving a search warrant last week as part of an ongoing investigation into the distribution/sales of illegal drugs, arrested the suspect, a convicted felon. Read on... Theft Suspect Tries to Make a Clean Getaway, Finds Out Felony Theft and Forgery Isn’t a Game Spokane Valley Deputies arrested a theft suspect for felony and misdemeanor charges after he reportedly tried to steal a vacuum and a gaming computer, valued at over $3,000. After his arrest, Deputies located suspected Fentanyl in his pocket. Read on... Person with a Weapon Call Results in the Arrest of Two Juveniles Spokane Valley Deputies responding to a person with a weapon call contacted a group of juveniles and arrested two of them for Brandishing or Intimidating with a Weapon. Read on... UPDATE: Rescued Hiker Shows Her Support with Gratitude & Cookies On June 17, 2026, Christie Boss returned to the air crew and the helicopter that provided life-saving measures during her time of need. Christie was all smiles as she met with the crew and toured the Spokane Regional Air Support Unit. Read on... Suspect Arrested Following Months-Long Drug Sales Investigation Spokane Valley Investigative Unit (SVIU), conducting a months-long investigation into the delivery and sales of controlled substances, identified an adult female suspect. They obtained a search warrant for the suspect’s residence and arrested her. Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Social Media Sheriff Spotlights Sheriff's Office 1100 W Mallon Avenue Spokane, WA 99260 Contact Us Citizen's Advisory/Review Board Critical Incident Protocol Immigration/Customs Victim Notification Policy Manual Public Disclosure Requests /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Notify Me /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Photo Credits Policies & Disclaimers Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow