New incarcerated person(s) Mail System Starts Jan. 6 | UDC – Corrections New incarcerated person(s) Mail System Starts Jan. 6 December 2, 2024 / Hot Topics To curb the introduction of mail contraband, the Utah Department of Corrections is implementing a new incarcerated person(s) mail delivery process. Effective January 6, 2025 , incoming mail from friends and family must be sent to Pigeonly Corrections’ mail processing center. Incarcerated Individual Name – Offender ID Number Utah State Correctional Facility -1700 PO Box 96777 Las Vegas, NV 89193 Incarcerated Individual Name – Offender ID Number Central Utah Correctional Facility -1701 PO Box 96777 Las Vegas, NV 89193 Pigeonly will operate the mail processing center. They will open all non-privileged mail and scan them into a digital color copy. The digital color copy will be printed and delivered to USCF or CUCF. Originals will not be returned to the sender but temporarily stored and then securely destroyed. Pigeonly’s Accepted Mail Requirements All mail must have a return address Envelopes must be no larger than 4 in. x 9½ in. Letters must be on paper that is no larger than 8 ½ in. x 11 in. Greeting Cards must be no larger than 5 in. x 7 in. Postcards must be 5 in. x 7 in. Photographs must be 4 in. x 6 in. (limit to 10 photos per parcel) How is privileged legal mail handled? Attorneys will continue to send privileged legal mail directly to the UDC facility for delivery to their incarcerated clients. Attorneys will need to register beforehand at this link: Privileged Mail by Pigeonly . Once registered, attorneys will have access to create a one-time use QR code sticker, which must be affixed to the envelope. Incarcerated person(s) Name – Inmate ID # Utah State Correctional Facility PO Box 165300 Salt Lake City, UT 84116 Incarcerated person(s) Name – Inmate ID # Central Utah Correctional Facility PO Box 550 Gunnison, UT 84634 Public Legal, Government, or Business Correspondence? Those wishing to send official public legal, government, or business correspondence should send the letter directly to USCF or CUCF. These letters may be subjected to a search. If it is determined that mail sent directly to USCF or CUCF is from friends or family, it will be denied. Examples of non-privileged special correspondence that should be sent directly to USCF or CUCF: Courts and court staff Government office and/or entity Attorneys office Attorney General’s Office Congress Embassies and consulates The United States Department of Justice State governors Members of the State Legislature Schools Banks/Credit unions Law enforcement officers in their official capacity Incarcerated person(s) Name – Inmate ID # Utah State Correctional Facility PO Box 165300 Salt Lake City, UT 84116 Incarcerated person(s) Name – Inmate ID # Central Utah Correctional Facility PO Box 550 Gunnison, UT 84634 Pigeonly’s Prohibited Mail Mail with glitter, rhinestones, stickers, or glued items Wax paper letters Shaped-cut photos or papers Letters written on tiny papers or sticky notes Crystals, religious tokens, coins, toys, keychains, stickers, artwork items Unused/blank envelopes, paper, stationary, and stamps Newspaper clippings Envelopes: Express or Priority/hard mail/bubble type/large thin paper envelopes Stapled items Books, booklets, magazines, or anything spined Greeting cards that are overly thick, electronic, fold-out, 3D, have pop-ups, or are oversized Polaroid photos and photographs from 3rd-party vendors (ex. Shutterfly) Official documents Bulk mail Documents you do not want destroyed, such as Birth certificates, driver’s licenses, social security cards, etc. Any type of legal mail Envelopes written in light or colored ink Illegible envelopes All forms of money (if unopened): cash, checks, coins, gift cards, credit cards, etc. Any prohibited mail will be returned to the sender Frequently Asked Questions Why is this new mail delivery process needed? Postal mail remains an access point to introduce contraband into correctional facilities, which poses a significant health and safety risk. This new process will increase safety while allowing incarcerated individuals to continue corresponding with loved ones in a timely manner. How does the new mail processing system work? Non-legal mail is sent via PO Box to a central processing facility operated by Pigeonly. All non-legal postal mail is opened, screened for contraband, and scanned into an electronic document that closely resembles the original hardcopy, including color. The scanned mail is shared electronically with the correctional facility through a secure dashboard for further screening and review. The scanned mail is printed at Pigeonly’s processing facility and shipped to the designated UDC facility for distribution to the incarcerated recipients, eliminating the risk of contraband. How long does it take for an incarcerated individual to receive non-privileged mail? Within 24 hours of receipt, Pigeonly will open and scan incoming mail, share the electronic scan with the UDC for further screening, and then print and prepare the mail for shipment. Printed mail is delivered via Priority Mail to the designated correctional facility and will be received within 1-3 days of shipment. How long is mail held at Pigeonly’s processing facility? Original copies of postal mail are held for 45 days. After this period, it is destroyed. I sent mail to an incarcerated person(s), and it was returned as undeliverable. Why? It may have been returned because it violates the mail policy. All received mail will be inspected for prohibited materials. Mail that contains the following will be flagged and is subject to being marked as undeliverable: nudity, explicit sexual material, obscene material, violent language, promotion of violence, and contraband such as, but not limited to, weapons, drugs, or items of an unknown substance or odor. I’m a formerly incarcerated individual and want access to all my scanned mail pieces. Can I get a copy of them? After release, formerly incarcerated individuals can email [email protected] with their name/inmate ID # to download their scanned mail items for free. I would like to request my original parcels (sender) All mail is held at our mail processing facility for up to 45 days. If you would like to request your original parcel back, please email [email protected] within that 45-day period. Please be sure to include all the information for the sender and recipient as written on the envelope. Once received, we will return the parcel to the original sender as listed on the envelope.