Sheriff Office – Saline County Skip to content Search for: Alan Moore Contact 402-821-2111 402-821-2987 – Fax Alan Moore Sheriff amoore@salinecountyne.gov Sheriff’s Office The Saline County Sheriff’s Office is located in Wilber, Nebraska. Based in the Saline County Law Enforcement Center, deputy sheriffs respond to emergencies, accidents and crime throughout Saline County. Saline County Sheriff’s Office has the experience, resources, and knowledge to handle any issue that comes up. Staff receives up to date training both in and out of state and the equipment used is modern. Fighting crime and keeping the general public in the county safe are top priorities for everyone working at the Saline County Sheriff’s Office. The Sheriff’s Office is responsible for the county jail. The jail houses inmates convicted in Saline County, as well as contracted beds for surrounding counties and the Federal U.S. Marshal Service. The jail facilities are among the most modern in Nebraska, with the most recent addition being completed in 2007. Fees collected from housing federal inmates contribute significant revenue to Saline County. The Saline County Sheriff’s Office regularly responds to traffic incidents, works crimes ranging from vandalism and misdemeanors to homicide and violent crime, and serves drug related search warrants throughout Saline County. K9 “Indy” Receives Ballistic Vest The “Occasions” campaign for Groupon Grassroots to outfit police K9’s with bullet and stab protective vests ran February 15th through March 5th. Vested Interest in K9s, Inc. was the nationwide non-profit organization and charity partner selected by Groupon Grassroots to participate. The online $10 donation suggested interested persons purchase a GROUPON (a tax-deductible donation) through the secure website where all funds were allocated to purchase ballistic vests for our four-legged crime fighters who put their lives on the line for the community and their partner. Read More Mailing Address PO Box 911 Wilber, NE 68465 Location 911 S Main Street Wilber, NE 68465 Saline County Alerts Residents can sign up on the App. Download the Everbridge App from the app store. The logo looks like the image above. Search for your organizations by the full name “Southcentral Nebraska Emergency Notification, Jefferson, Fillmore, Nuckolls, Thayer, Saline” or any of the keywords – Nuckolls, Thayer, Jefferson, Saline, Fillmore. The App will prompt you through the registration page. Search for: Scroll to Top