CCCF Mail Information | Centre County, PA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Criminal Justice Services Correctional Facility Mail Information CCCF Mail Information CCCF Mail Information Packages Requests can be made by the inmate to Medical Staff, Shift Commanders, Counselors, and Reentry Specialist. All packages must be preapproved or will be returned to sender. Incoming Publications All incoming magazines and newspapers must be from the publisher, and all incoming books must be new and from the publisher or bookstore. Used publications are not permitted . Books, newspapers, and magazines will be inspected on a case by case basis and if deemed inappropriate, will be refused and returned to sender. All incoming publications will be opened and reviewed by a member of the incoming publication review committee before being accepted. Publications, newspapers, magazines, or photographs that may be refused including but are not limited to those that meet one or more of the following criteria: It depicts or describes procedures for the construction or use of weapons, ammunition, bombs, or incendiary devices It depicts, encourages, or describes methods of escape from correctional facilities or contains blue prints, drawings or similar descriptions of any jail or prison It depicts or describes the procedures for manufacturing drugs or for the brewing of alcohol It depicts, displays or is drawn to promote or represent gang graffiti, illicit activities or recruit members It is written in code It depicts, describes, or encourages activities, which may lead to the use of physical violence or group disruption  It encourages or instructs in the commission of criminal activity It advocates violence of any kind or literature that promotes hatred towards any group Material, sexual or otherwise, which by its nature or content poses a threat to the security, good order or discipline of the institution  Facilitates a criminal activity Contains obscene material No articles deemed to be pornographic shall be permitted within the facility. Pornography shall be defined as; sexually explicit behavior whether it be written, graphic, any form of communication or nudity. Nudity is defined as showing any male or female genitals and/or pubic area and/or female nipple. Exposure of any of the above areas through “see through” materials is considered nudity. Books All books belonging to an inmate, including religious texts, must be sent new from a publisher/bookstore. Inmates may not have more than two (2) books and (1) Bible/Koran/Torah/Religious Text in their possession at a time. Inmates are not to have in their possession newspapers that are more than two (2) days old from the date the newspaper was stamped as received. Inmates will be allowed to possess one personal Bible, Koran, Torah, or Religious Text that is sent new from a publisher or bookstore following the established mail policies. It will be marked with full name and inmate booking number. If an inmate does not possess a personal religious text, he/she can request to the Chaplain for the desired text. The text will be borrowed from the facility, and must be returned upon release. Books and religious texts may not exceed the standard hardcover publication size of 7” x 10”, and may be no more than 2.5” in thickness. Any other books or religious publications not specified, or that exceeds the above limits, must be approved in writing by the Director of Treatment. If the publication contains a free sample item (lotion, perfume, etc.) the item(s) shall be removed from the publication and the publication will be delivered to the inmate. If the item cannot be removed, the publication will be returned to the sender. If the inmate has books in his/her possession, the inmate will be permitted to accept the new books and place his/her current books in excess property/Intake for pick-up on their next scheduled visit. Legal Mail Legal mail is defined as any piece of mail that is addressed to or from: An attorney A judge who serves in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or any of the 50 states and any judge who serves on the Federal Branch or any administrative agency including all Appellate Court Judges The Attorney General of the United States and the Attorney General of Pennsylvania The District Attorney of any county in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Any Court from any jurisdiction in the United States Domestic Relations Section The correspondence will be treated as legal mail if the title and office of the sender for incoming correspondence or addressee or outgoing correspondence are unambiguously identified on the envelope clearly indicating that the correspondence is legal mail as defined herein. Indigent Inmates: Stationary, Pen, and Postage An inmate is considered indigent if he/she has been continually without funds $5.00 or less for seven consecutive days. After seven 7 days a request may be written to a Lieutenant to receive: 1 postage paid envelope 3 pieces of paper 1 pen Additional stationary items may be requested for legal purposes Inmate to Inmate Correspondence An inmate may not correspond with: Another currently incarcerated inmate Former inmates that were incarcerated at the Centre County Correctional Facility who, have not been out more than 6 months after their last release date Anyone currently on State or County Parole Anyone currently on State or County Probation Co-defendants If an inmate wishes to correspond with an inmate at another facility, the inmate must submit a request form to the counselor with the inmates name, inmate number, the relationship between them, and the name of the facility where the other inmate is located so that the counselor can verify all information is valid and it can be forwarded on to the Warden for approval. Blocked Mail Mail may be blocked by the Warden or his designee, from a specific sender or address. Reasons for a mail block include, but are not limited to, the following criteria: Third-party mail Correspondence with any prohibited party Introduction of contraband Elections & Voting Pay Real Estate Taxes Agendas & Minutes Willowbank Office Building 420 Holmes Street Bellefonte, PA 16823 Phone: 814-355-6700 Fax: 814-355-6980 Inmate Listing Prothonotary & Clerk of Courts Recorder of Deeds Fraud, Waste, and Abuse Hotline License to Carry /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow