Sending Mail and Books | Sheriff's Office Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Search Close Search Search Go Popular Searches TouchPay Payment Info Join Our Team Vehicle Release information Obtain Copy of Report Reporting Trash Dumps How to Get Services for Incarcerated Family Request specific services from Sheriff's Office Legal Mandates Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Feedback Print POSTAL MAIL ADDRESS JailATM.com Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Detention Center IP Name and Booking # P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 To prevent the introduction of drugs and contraband, the Stanislaus County Sheriff’s Office has updated its process for sending mail to incarcerated individuals (IPs). All personal mail for IPs will be sent to a central mail processing facility rather than directly to the jail where the IP is housed. At the JailATM.com mail processing facility, mail is opened and scanned, and a digital copy is delivered to the IP at the detention facility. No parcel packages will be accepted at the central processing facility, and IP’s will not receive them. NON-POSTAL PERSONAL LETTERS: Books, Legal Mail, Medi-Cal, and Welfare Cards will be accepted at the Sheriff's Detention Center Mailing Address. DO NOT mail these to the JailATM Central Processing Facility. The delivery address for non-postal personal mail is: Sheriff's Detention Center 200 E. Hackett Rd Modesto, CA. 95358 OUTGOING MAIL: Writing letters can be an important and inexpensive way to maintain a close relationship with someone who is incarcerated. Incarcerated Persons may purchase pre-stamped envelopes and may send and receive as many letters as they desire. Those without sufficient funds are provided a limited supply of envelopes. All mail entering and leaving a jail facility is searched for contraband and the writing will be scanned for security issues. In the case of “legal mail” between an incarcerated person and the inmate’s attorney, the Facility Commander, the Board of Corrections, or other public officials, the correspondence is checked for contraband but not read or scanned. If you do not know the Booking Number of an incarcerated person, see our " Who's in Custody " page and locate the incarcerated person by name which will contain his/her booking number. A booking number must be included on mailings. There is no limit to the amount of out going mail incarcerated persons may send, provided they have the sufficient postage. Postage stamps may be purchased through commissary. Indigent incarcerated persons (those incarcerated persons who have $2.00 or less on their cash account) may receive four (4) free postage paid letters for personal correspondence each week, and an unlimited amount for legal mail. Funding an Incarcerated Persons Account: Effective November 1, 2011, Money for incarcerated person accounts will only be accepted through TouchPay Payment Systems . Magazines & Books: Each incarcerated person is only allowed a total of 5 books in their cell. Magazines, periodicals, and books must be processed through the mail directly from the publisher. 3rd party books are not allowed. Hard cover books are not allowed .