Summers County Commission - Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Home Government Main Menu / Government Government Departments County & Public Boards Agendas, Minutes & Other Docs Ordinances Election Information County Schedule Employment Opportunities Bids Departments Main Menu / Departments Departments County Commission County Clerk Assessor's Office Tax Office Sheriff's Office Prosecuting Attorney Courts County Surveyor Emergency Management Facilities & Maintenance Health Department Resources Main Menu / Resources Resources Public Notices Forms Facility Reservations Services Tax Inquiries Community Main Menu / Community Community News Tourism Volunteer City of Hinton Public Library Farmers Market About Main Menu / About About Contact Us About Employees Contact Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office About Summers County Sheriff's Office Vision The shared vision of the members of the Summers County Sheriff's Office is to make Summers County, West Virginia one of the safest places in the nation to live, work, and vacation. Mission Statement The Summers County Sheriff's Office is dedicated to providing a safe and secure community through community partnerships and by working to attain the highest level of professionalism and accountability. Values In support of our mission, members of the Summers County Sheriff's Office are committed to upholding the following values: We value upholding the laws in an ethical, impartial, courteous and professional manner while respecting the rights and dignity of all persons. We will be compassionate and provide assistance to victims and those in need. We value promoting a sense of trust and respect for all people, including those in our agency. We value that the police and the community share in the responsibility for crime control and public safety and that the role of the police is defined by the community that it serves. We value and encourage problem solving, creative risk taking, initiative, and affecting change. We will recognize and reward those who contribute to the development of more effective ways of providing police services, and those who apply creative solutions to problems. We recognize that growth and learning are positive consequences of honest mistakes. We value the reduction and prevention of crime through community partnerships, and problem solving. We value the team concept. Successful completion of the task is more important that who gets credit for the work. We value and believe in high professional standards of integrity, ethics and behavior, guided by the letter, and spirit of the law, and the law enforcement code of ethics. We will act appropriately, responsibly, and require the same of others. We value and believe, "PEOPLE FIRST". links Click here for tax information Employees Employees People <mwjspeople-obj></mwjspeople-obj><script type="module">import mwjsPeople from "https://app.membershipware.com/api/public/mwjsPeople?et=v5H70cWbwoZ115jDejzrEQ%3d%3d&eb=bp%2fWVmhJSK%252BymAn6GdplLw%3d%3d";</script> Contact Contact Information Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM Address Summers County Judicial Annex: 123 Temple Street, Suite 100, Hinton, WV 25951 Phone: (304) 466-7111 | Fax: (304) 466-7139 Section Tools Hello What is a Passkey? Imagine signing into your account as easily as unlocking your phone—no more worrying about remembering or typing a password. A passkey is a secure digital key that uses the safety features in your device to keep your account protected. It’s designed to be both simple to use and highly secure. Ready to experience a simpler, safer sign-in? Click the button above to create your passkey now.