Sheriff's Office | Charles City County, VA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Office of the Sheriff The Sheriff is a constitutionally elected official, chief law enforcement officer of the County, and executive officer of the Courts. The Department is responsible for execution of all process, writs, warrants, capiases, and other papers issued by State and County courts, and safeguarding life and property while maintaining order in a professional manner that preserves confidence in our democratic process. Click Here to Sign Up In compliance with Va. Code Section 9.1-193(F), each locality shall establish a voluntary database to be made available to the 9-1-1 alert system and the Marcus alert system to provide relevant mental health information and emergency contact information for appropriate response to an emergency or crisis. If you are an individual with the behavioral health illness, mental health illness, developmental or intellectual disability, or brain injury; the parent or legal guardian of such individual if the individual is under the age of 18; or a person appointed the guardian of such person, you may voluntarily provide identifying and health information concerning behavioral health illness, mental health illness, developmental or intellectual disability, or brain injury to this database. Provision of such information is completely voluntary. This information will be made available only to the 9-1-1 alert system and the Marcus alert system. Criminal Justice Scholarship Opportunity For more information CLICK HERE Follow Us on social media for live updates: Contact Us Jayson T. Crawley Sheriff Email: Sheriff Crawley Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 10780 Courthouse Road Charles City , VA 23030 10780 Courthouse Road Charles City VA 23030 Directions Mailing Address P.O. Box 87 Charles City , VA 23030 Phone: 804-829-9265 Emergency Phone: 911 Office Hours Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. After hour business appointments are available. Law Enforcement 24 hours 7 days a week Directory NOTICE: SCAM ALERT BOS Meeting Information County Jobs Alert Notifications Financial Reporting Charles City County 10900 Courthouse Road Charles City, VA 23030 Phone: 804-652-4701 Contact Us Virginia Department of Health Corona Virus Updates Center for Disease Control and Prevention Virginia Employment Commission Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles Report a Road Problem Frequently Asked Questions /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow