Jail & Inmate Information | Jo Daviess County, IL Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Jail & Inmate Information Jail & Inmate Information Jail Visiting Sunday and Thursday from 1 pm to 4 pm and 7 pm to 9 pm Please call on the day you plan to visit to schedule a time with the on-duty Correctional Officer. Inmates are allowed up to 5 visitors on their visitor list. Each visitor is allowed once every 7 days. Visitors must have a photo I.D. Visitors must be at least 18 years old. Minor children are allowed as long as they are with a visitor on the list. No cell phones are allowed during inmate visitation. Any visitor with an odor of alcohol on their breath will be denied visitation. Sending Mail to an Inmate All inmate mail is to be addressed as follows: Inmate's full name Jo Daviess County Jail 330 N Bench Street Galena, IL 61036 Sender's complete return address must be on the envelope, including: Sender's name Sender's complete address Envelopes not properly addressed will be returned to the sender. Mail with no return address will be placed in the inmate's property and returned upon release. Inmates are allowed to have a reasonable number of pictures that do not contain nudity, partial nudity, gang signs, alcohol, and/or illegal drugs. No computer-printed letters or pictures are allowed. All mail (except privileged mail) is opened and inspected by jail staff. Letters from inmates in the Jo Daviess County jail or any other penal institution may not be enclosed in your letters. Inmates are only allowed to send mail to another penal institution upon the approval of both wardens. Paperback books and magazines that do not contain violent or sexual content will be allowed. Each inmate is allowed up to 3 pairs of white socks, undergarments, and T-shirts. They will be new and still sealed in the package to be accepted. No other items will be allowed into the jail. Inmate Telephone Calls Inmates cannot receive phone calls. Messages will not be delivered to inmates. Our service provider is Cidnet. To purchase data for inmates, visit the Cidnet website and register for an account. Do not call the jail for phone problems or questions—please call Cidnet customer support at 888-984-1903. Video Visitation and Email Inmates can send messages and visit remotely through a kiosk in the detention areas. Inmate contacts must be approved by corrections staff. Pictures containing nudity, partial nudity, gang signs, alcohol, and/or illegal drugs will be denied. To set up an account, visit the Cidnet website and provide all required information. Inmate Funds and Commissary Jail inmates are not allowed to have cash. Each jail inmate has a trust fund set up on his/her behalf. This fund can be used for bail, hygiene items, and food items. Money can be placed on an inmate's account by mail, phone, and personal drop off. JailATM To deposit funds online for commissary or bonds, visit JailATM online . You will need to set up an account with an email address (Gmail, Hotmail, or Yahoo works best). The site is intended for use on a computer, not a phone. If you have problems, call 870-627-5476. Be prepared to provide: Jail's state and name of the facility Inmate's first and last name Inmate's ID number Your billing address and credit card information You can also order care packages of commissary items for inmates online through JailATM . Packages will be delivered on regular commissary days. Any funds placed on an inmate's account may be used to pay facility debts. Inmate Bail and Release Sentenced inmates will be released at 8 am unless otherwise stated in sentencing orders. A bond fee of $25 must accompany any bail posted for the inmate. Credit cards are accepted for bail, there are additional administrative fees. Credit card bail can be paid online at JailATM . On that site you will need to sign in/register, set up an account, and post bond for inmates. Fingerprinting Fingerprinting is done on Tuesdays only. Please call the day you plan to be fingerprinted to schedule a time with the on-duty correctional officer. Payment of $26 must be made at the time of the appointment. Cash, check, money order, or credit/debit cards are accepted. Photo identification is required before fingerprints are taken. Notify Me® Forms Virtual Courts Jo Daviess County 330 N Bench Street Galena, IL 61036 Phone: 815-776-0335 Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow