Inmate Mail | Crow Wing County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Calendar Careers Contact Us /QuickLinks.aspx Search Home Your Government Sheriff's Office Divisions Jail Inmate Information Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Mail for inmates will only be accepted through the U.S. Postal Service and must be addressed as follows: Crow Wing County Jail Inmate's Full Name 313 Laurel Street Brainerd, MN 56401 Regulations & Requirements All incoming and outgoing inmate mail is searched except for legal mail. Incoming legal mail will be opened and inspected in front of the receiving inmate but will not be read or censored. Outgoing legal mail will not be searched. All incoming mail must have a valid and complete return address. Money mailed to inmates should be either a money order or cashier's check made payable to "inmate's name." Personal checks are not accepted. Restricted Mail The following types of mail are not allowed within the jail and will be placed in the inmate's personal property and given to them when they are released. Mail that is scented Mail that contains any colored or picture drawings Mail that contains any copies of games (crosswords, sudoku, etc.) or coloring pages Mail that contains blank pages, envelopes and/or postage stamps Mail including stickers, glitter and/or markings on the envelope Greeting cards that contain glitter, ribbons, strings, decorations, springs or metal parts, musical cards and/or anything that could be removed from the card. Mail containing personal information like insurance cards, driver's license, ATM cards and PINs. Mail containing inappropriate or pornographic pictures Mail containing newspaper clippings, contraband items or Polaroid pictures Books must be softcover and sent directly to the inmate from a publisher/supplier/bookstore. All books received are subject to donation to the inmate library. However, if an inmate does not want to donate the book, it will be placed in their personal property until they are released. Magazines are allowed only if the subscription is in the inmate's name, mailed directly to the inmate from the publisher and is on the Approved Magazine List (PDF) . Newspapers are allowed only if the subscription is in the inmate's name and mailed directly to the inmate from the publisher. County Maps Permits Report A Concern OUR VISION BEING MINNESOTA’S FAVORITE PLACE. OUR MISSION SERVE WELL. DELIVER VALUE. DRIVE RESULTS. OUR VALUES BE RESPONSIBLE. TREAT PEOPLE RIGHT. BUILD A BETTER FUTURE. Historic Court House 326 Laurel Street Brainerd, MN 56401 Phone: 218-824-1067 Email: coadmin@crowwing.gov View Staff Directory Apply for a job Legal Notices Find property info Frequently Asked Questions Visiting Crow Wing County /QuickLinks.aspx Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Site Map Social Media Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow