Welcome to The San Joaquin County Sheriff's Office | San Joaquin County Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Official Website of the San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office Proudly Serving Our Communities With Dignity Respect Compassion Join SJSO File A Police Report The San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office is dedicated to delivering quality service through the creation of partnerships with the people we serve. Located in the northern portion of California’s Central Valley, San Joaquin County is home to approximately 780,000 people, spread over 1,426 square miles. The brave men and women of the San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office proudly serve the residents, business owners, and visitors of the county with exceptional pride and provide law enforcement services. A Message From the sheriff Welcome to the San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office official website! I hope you find it informative and resourceful. My goal is to provide quality service while fostering a positive relationship with members of the community. I am proud to work amongst a team that proudly serves with respect, dignity, and compassion. Thank you for entrusting me as your Sheriff. Meet Our Leadership Team ANNUAL REPORT View and download the San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office 2025 Annual Report. Download Now I Want To…  Submit anonymous crime tip  File a Crime Report online  Request Extra Patrol  Vehicle Impound Release h Obtain a Copy of A Crime Report  Jail and Booking Information Crime Mapping Make informed decisions about how to stay safe in your community. Find out where crime is happening in your area by using our online crime mapping software. Learn More About Crime In Your Area $ Crime Alerts Sign up for crime alerts and receive emails regarding activity in your area. $ Trend Report See what crimes are occurring most frequently by viewing a trend report. $ Specific Areas View all confirmed crimes or only those that have occurred in your selected area. You may also find the distance between crimes and your address. $ Incident Details View the date, time, case number, block address, and generic description of the incident by clicking on an icon. Latest News In-Custody Death; 05/05/2026 In accordance with AB 2761 and to maintain transparency with our community, the San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office is... Details News Releases IN-CUSTODY DEATH; 03/18/2026 On Tuesday, March 31, 2026, at approximately 10:20 a.m., a 24-year-old male housed in the Medical Housing Unit was... Details News Releases Call (209) 468-5087: Information Wanted for Mass Shooting If you have any information regarding the mass shooting that occurred in the 1900 block of Lucille Avenue in the city... Details Critical Incidents , News Releases