Jail Operations | Chesterfield County, VA Skip to Main Content Subscribe Report Translate Beware Payment Scam Calls The Chesterfield County Sheriff’s Office is aware of multiple scams using our official titles and names. Please be aware that the Sheriff’s Office will never call you to ask for or demand money (cash or any other form of payment) due to missed jury duty, court actions or outstanding warrants. Calls of this nature should be considered a scam. Home Departments Elected Offices Sheriff Jail Operations Jail Operations Providing a Safe and Humane Environment The Chesterfield County Jail is committed to providing a safe and humane environment for those persons committed to our care and custody and to preparing offenders the best we can to be ready to have a successful reintegration into the community as law-abiding citizens. Our staff's first priority must be the security of the facility and the safety of those persons therein. View the jail staff directory or learn more about our population by viewing the jail demographics . Bonding Information All bonding activities take place at the Magistrate's Office , which adjoins the Chesterfield County Jail. To speak with an on-duty Magistrate, call 804-748-1410 . The Magistrate's Office is open 24/7. For questions regarding an inmate's bond status, call 804-748-1476 . Posting Bonds A third party posts a bond. This may be accomplished through friends, family or bonding companies. Bonding companies may be found on the internet. Release Process All inmates being released can be picked up at the side gate adjacent to the Magistrate's Office. Due to paperwork verification and out-processing requirements, court releases and/or bonds can take up to two hours before the inmate is physically out the door. Inmate Visitation, Correspondence and Accounts Visitation Visitation Visitation Rules All registered visitors must be 18 years or older; visitors under age 18 are required to be accompanied by an adult. There is a maximum of four visitors per single video visit; no more than three family members or friends in addition to the registered visitor. Valid photo identification must be presented to staff by the primary registered visitor at the time of check-in. Any video visits will be terminated without warning if any of the following violations are detected: Acts that encourage sexual behavior, disrobing (all visitors must be fully dressed), or nudity Behavior or acts that are criminal under state, local or federal statute Irrational or unethical behavior that is deemed as inappropriate or perceived as a threat to the safety and security of the facility Obscene gestures or use of gang signs or acts that encourage or promote gang activity All video visits are recorded and monitored by jail security staff. Any violation of these restrictions will lead to suspension or termination of visitation privileges. Regular Visitation - Video Visitation All visits are conducted off-site by computer, phone or tablet and are scheduled through the visitation website . To schedule a visitation, you must be added to the inmates' approved visitor list, be a registered visitor, be over age 18 and billing information is required. Most Inmates are allowed one 25-minute video visit per week by no more than four persons. Appropriate attire is required during video visits. Attempts to make 3-Way visits are not allowed. If you have any questions, call the video visitation information line at 855-208-7349 . Note : If you have not registered or the inmate has not added you to their approved visitor list, you will not be authorized to visit. Professional Visitation - Video or In-Person Visitation Professional visits, which are dealt with on a first-come, first-served basis, are allowed and are not counted against an inmate's regular visitation limits. Such visits are only allowed during normal weekday business hours unless prior authorization from jail administration is received. Professional visitors must complete to statement of understanding form (PDF) and return it in person at the jail or by email . For assistance with professional visitation requirements, call 804-318-8017 . Out of Town and Special Visits - In-Person Visitation Out of town (more than 100 miles away) or special visits must be pre-approved by a jail supervisor. If approved, visitors must produce a valid photo identification; there is a four-person maximum for all visits. To be pre-approved, please call 804-748-1829 or 804-768-7327 . Inmate Calls Inmate Calls Inmate phone calls at the time of incarceration are free and last three minutes. After the inmate is moved to a regular housing area (normally within one day), all inmate calls become collect calls and may last up to 30 minutes. Inmate Mail Inmate Mail All mail correspondence with inmates must take place through the mail service. To send mail to an inmate, include the inmate's name and inmate number. Send mail to: Chesterfield County Jail P. O. Box 758 Chesterfield, VA 23832 Inmate Accounts and Canteen Inmate Accounts and Canteen Vendor Change Our transition to Keefe Commissary is now complete. Transactions can be made by using the new kiosk that has been installed in the front lobby of the jail or by using Access Corrections (you will be required start an account). Keefe Commissary also allows you the ability to choose from wide range of name-brand, cost-effective food, clothing and electronic items that can be sent to your incarcerated loved one in secure packaging. Visit Access Securepak for more information. Funds for inmate accounts can be submitted by: Kiosk (located in the lobby of the County Jail) using cash or credit card (Accepted: Visa, Mastercard). Online by visiting Access Corrections . A usage fee will apply to all options. Cashier’s checks or money orders are not accepted. For questions regarding when inmates can order canteen or related to inmate commissary, please call the Canteen Office at 804-748-1488 . Approved Inmate Items Approved Inmate Items To receive approval for inmate items, please call 804-768-7345 . The following items can be accepted at the County Jail front lobby on behalf of inmates between the hours of 8 a.m. and 3 p.m., Monday through Friday: Clothing for Circuit Court Appearances Court clothing items must be picked up within 15 days after being sentenced To arrange pickup of court clothing following appearance, call 804-768-7345 Prescription Medications or Glasses Medications must be in the original pharmacy prescription container with the inmate's name and current date (not expired) Prescription or reading glasses Newspapers, magazines and paperback books sent directly from an established vendor or publisher, in original packaging Inmate Programs In-Jail Work Programs In-Jail Work Programs Workforce This a program that allows sentenced inmates to shorten the amount of time they spend in the jail by working on county or state property. Participants must be physically capable to perform manual labor as duties may include: Landscaping Snow removal Trash pick-up Other maintenance duties Background Check and Medical Exam Prospective participants will be subject to a background check and medical examination. Qualifying for the Program Persons with a prior history of escape, sex crimes, drug distribution or other violent crimes may not qualify for this program. Workforce Types Inmate Workforce : Five crews working to clean up the highways, County historical sites, courthouses, fairgrounds, and the parks. The County has estimated that this one effort of inmate-performed work provides an annual saving of more than $250,000. This program also provides emergency cleanup during natural disasters (i.e. Hurricane Floyd). Weekender Workforce : A program for non-violent offenders who receive weekend time. This saves the county money by performing cleanup jobs at the schools. This program keeps costs down by not having to house the offenders at the jail. Alternative Sentencing Alternative Sentencing To make an alternative sentencing payment, visit the Sheriff's online payment portal . Home Incarceration The Home Incarceration Program (HIP) (PDF) is an alternative, cost-effective method of incarceration by electronic monitoring that allows inmates to remain productive in society. Eligibility requirements include but are not limited to: A satisfactory, extensive background check Good conduct while incarcerated Having a permanent local address Having a residential phone Participants must pay fees and are subject to random home visits and random drug / alcohol screens. Persons with a prior history of escape, sex crimes, drug distribution or other violent crimes may not qualify for this program Weekend Jail Program Individuals are court ordered to serve their jail sentence on the weekend. The offender participates in community service projects during the day on the weekend and resides at Chesterfield County Jail at night over a weekend. Work Release Inmates who have non-violent, short-term sentences may apply to the Work Release Coordinator for entrance into this program. Those who have a job and qualify for this program are allowed to leave the jail each day, report to their regular job and report back upon completion of their work day. In addition to screening candidates for eligibility, the program coordinator conducts random drug / alcohol screens and visits work sites to ensure the inmate is conforming to all Sheriff’s Office guidelines. The Work Release / Support Enforcement Program allow inmates to work to pay: Child support Court costs Fines Part of the jail housing cost This program is a win-win program, where the offender is able to maintain their job in the community while paying their debt to society. Work Release Document Work and Education Release Packet (PDF) In-Jail Recovery Programs In-Jail Recovery Programs Helping Addicts Recover Progressively (HARP) On March 8, 2016, Chesterfield County witnessed their tenth heroin related death for the year. That significant event was the turning point that became the motivation for us to begin our Heroin Addiction Recovery Program and launched our program that very day. In September 2018 the program merged with other substance abuse treatment programs and re-branded as Helping Addicts Recover Progressively to include treatment for all substance addictions. HARP continues to save lives and return productive members back into our community. 12 Step meetings - Alcoholics & Narcotics Anonymous Criminal and Addictive Thinking Group and individual sessions that target coping skills Meditation skills Moral Recognition Therapy (MRT) Relapse prevention Peer Recovery Specialist training (PRS) Medication Assisted Treatment (MAT) Other Substance Abuse Classes / Programs Bible Study GED Revive Training DMV Connect Seeking Safety Wellness Recovery Action Plan (WRAP) Additional Classes Offered Canine Therapy Music Therapy Forklift Certification ServSafe Certification Battlefield of the Mind Living Well Sex Education and Harm Reduction Jail Programs Instructor Jail Programs Instructor The jail provides numerous counseling and rehabilitation programs in partnership with nonprofit organizations. If you are interested in providing these types of services, call 804-706-2034 and we will assist you in working with existing providers. Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) The Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) of 2003 is a federal law established to support the elimination and prevention of sexual assault and sexual misconduct in correctional systems. PREA addresses both inmate-to-inmate sexual assault and staff-to-inmate sexual assault. The Chesterfield County Sheriff’s Office has Zero-Tolerance in support of the guidelines set forth in this law. Zero-Tolerance Policies - Intake, Housing and Video Monitoring Zero-Tolerance Policies - Intake, Housing and Video Monitoring The Chesterfield County Sheriff’s Office implements its Zero-Tolerance policies through a facility-wide systematic process that begins when inmates are initially admitted into the facility. Intake When inmates are initially admitted into our intake area their rights to be free from sexual abuse and harassment is explained in detail to them. An assessment is conducted on every inmate to determine their individual risk of victimization or predation using an objective measurement tool based on specific risk factors. This tool will determine housing and program assignments for each inmate. Inmates are informed regarding reporting options through the inmate handbook, posters in living areas, dissemination on video screens and staff who are educated on PREA standards. Housing Inmates at the facility are housed in living units called housing pods. Each pod is grouped together in a pentagonal arrangement to create direct observation of all corridors to minimize blind-spots. Video Monitoring Video monitoring is utilized throughout the jail facility to enhance security and surveillance. Every year the jail administrator and the facility PREA coordinator review video camera numbers and locations to ensure the safety of all staff and inmates. Sexual Activity Prohibited Sexual Activity Prohibited When it comes to sexual activity within the jail facility, the Chesterfield County Sheriff’s policies and procedures are clear: All sexual activity is prohibited . Beyond this: forced or coerced sexual behavior is a criminal act that merits criminal prosecution. all sexual assault allegations are reported to the Chesterfield Police Department . an investigation is conducted to ensure the perpetrators face the full consequences of the law. View the Prison Rape Elimination Act - Standard Operating Procedure (PDF) . Investigation of Allegations Investigation of Allegations The Chesterfield County Sheriff’s Office has an agreement with the Chesterfield County Police Department (PDF) to ensure that all allegations of sexual assault are thoroughly investigated and referred for prosecution to the Chesterfield County Commonwealth's Attorney . In accordance with PREA, all investigations are assigned one of three possible determinations: Substantiated – an allegation which was investigated and determined to have occurred. Unfounded – an allegation which was investigated and determined not to have occurred. Unsubstantiated – an allegation which produced insufficient evidence to make a final determination of a substantiated or unfounded claim. PREA Third Party Incident Reporting Form, Annual Reports and Audit Reports PREA Third Party Incident Reporting If you know of someone incarcerated who may be a victim of sexual assault or sexual harassment, please complete the Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Third Party Reporting form . PREA Annual Reports 2025 PREA Annual Report (PDF) 2024 PREA Annual Report (PDF) 2023 PREA Annual Report (PDF) PREA Audit Reports 2022 PREA Final Audit Report (PDF) 2019 PREA Final Audit Report (PDF) 2016 PREA Final Audit Report (PDF) Contact Us Chesterfield County Jail Physical Address View Map 6900 Mimms Drive Chesterfield , VA 23832 6900 Mimms Drive Chesterfield VA 23832 Directions Phone 804-748-1476 Emergency Phone 911 Bond and Release; Emergency Messages (Family, Illness, Death): 804-318-8026 Property Item Pick-up and Drop-off (Court Clothing): 804-318-8422 Lobby Hours Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Canteen Office Phone: 804-748-1488 Jail Sergeant Phone: 804-748-1829 Jail Lieutenant Phone: 804-768-7327 Assistance Payments and Permits Safety and Security 9901 Lori Road Chesterfield, VA 23832 General Information: 804-748-1000 Staff Directory Agendas and Minutes Calendar Careers Departments and Offices Facilities Financial Transparency Holidays and Closures /QuickLinks.aspx Accessibility Documents Notifications Privacy Policy Public Records (FOIA) Site Map Translate /QuickLinks.aspx Instagram YouTube Nextdoor Twitter Facebook Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow