Sheriff – Montgomery County, Illinois Sheriff Tyson Holshouser Home Sheriff Sheriff Home Employment Application Sheriff Fees Illinois State Police Illinois Criminal Justice Information Authority Macoupin and Montgomery Counties Crime Stoppers Montgomery County Sex Offenders Illinois Sheriffs’ Association Victim Information and Notification Legal Terms National Center For Missing And Exploited Children Tyson Holshouser County Sheriff tysonh@montgomerycountyil.gov (217) 532-9511 (217) 532-6318 140 N. Main St. Hillsboro, IL 62049 Jeff Roach Undersheriff jeffr@montgomerycountyil.gov Lance Weitekamp Chief Deputy lancew@montgomerycountyil.gov Chris Watson Jail Administrator chrisw@montgomerycountyil.gov FOIA Officer Sheriff_FOIA@montgomerycountyil.gov Jail Information (217) 532-9514 Montgomery County Jail & The Montgomery County Sheriff Offices are located one block north of the Historic Courthouse in Hillsboro. 140 N Main St. Hillsboro, IL. Hillsboro sits on the junction of Illinois Route 16 and 127. Turn off Route 16 east to Historic Courthouse, around courthouse and north to jail. Jail visiting hours are 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Tuesdays. Friends and Family can also easily add funds to an account for video and voice calls by downloading the InmateSales App on their Apple iOS or Android devices. Special instructions for Law Enforcement officers: Sally port is on north side of jail. There is an intercom on west entrance to communicate with jail personnel. Finger Printing Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office finger printing is open to the public from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. every Thursday, the cost is $25. We do not do Illinois Conceal Carry or Medical Marijuana prints. About The Sheriff’s Office The Sheriff is the chief law enforcement officer for the county and serves as the acting officer of the Circuit Court and director of safety and administrator of the county jail. As such, his is the largest law enforcement agency in the county. Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office has a Sheriff, Undersheriff, Chief Deputy, Jail Administrator, ten Patrol Deputies including two Patrol Sergeants and two Investigators as well as twelve Telecommunicators, six Correctional Officers, one Office Administrator, Jail Chief Cook, Maintenance personnel and one K-9 Unit. Mission Statement The Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office is committed to protecting the safety and peace of mind of each community and resident through enforcing laws, holding offenders accountable, and working to maintain trust with those who uphold our rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The men and women of the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office are dedicated to our mission of providing effective resources in times of emergency, reducing crime, and strengthening the quality of life for the people of our great county. Core Values Professionalism: Taking pride in our actions, duties, development, and appearance Integrity: Adhering to moral and ethical principles at all times Commitment: Striving for excellence, accountability and effectiveness in our performance Courage: Instilling trust and standing for justice in the face of danger Download Our Mobile App Main functions of this office include: Investigation of all crimes of violence and fraud, to arrest suspects, and to recover stolen property and evidence. Provide basic police services to the unincorporated areas of the County and assist local law enforcement agencies. Maintain a complete record of all traffic accidents, arrests, investigations and complaints. Serve warrants issued at the request of the State’s Attorney and all writs and summonses issued by the Circuit Court. Manage all prisoners confined to the county jail and be responsible for delivering detainees to court for court related purposes. As an “arm” of the judiciary, the Sheriff is responsible for the service of civil documents by order of the court such as subpoenas, summonses, and judgments just to name a few. Foreclosures, property sales and auctions are also the responsibility of the Sheriff’s office. The Sheriff is responsible for the safety of those who work, visit or conduct business throughout the Montgomery County Courts Complex. The county jail is an additional responsibility of the Sheriff. The Sheriff maintains the care, safety and welfare of jail employees as well as the care and custody of those detainees housed within the confines of the facility. The Sheriff is elected and serves a term of four years. The Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office is a part of the Illinois Law Enforcement Alarm System. Accessibility Toolbar close Toggle the visibility of the Accessibility Toolbar keyboard Keyboard Navigation visibility_off Disable Animations nights_stay Contrast format_size Increase Text text_fields Decrease Text font_download Readable Font title Mark Titles link Highlight Links & Buttons Powered with favorite Love by Codenroll