Georgia.gov Skip to main content Header Utility Narrow Search this site Enter your keywords Popular searches Mission Statement Organization of the office History Meeting Requests Key Staff Duties of the Office Event Requests Contact That Text Is Not From Us We'll never request payment or info through unsolicited text Welcome to Georgia.gov Your starting place for living, growing, and thriving in the Peach State. Services A-Z Top-Accessed Services SNAP Benefits Driving and Vehicles Taxes and Refunds Register a Business Birth and Death Certificates Find an Offender Moving to Georgia Checklist New residents will interact with several state agencies in their first 30 days in Georgia. Get Started Remembering Jimmy Carter, 1924-2024 The 39th president of the United States, our 76th governor and a state senator, Jimmy Carter lived a lifetime of visionary service, guided by an abiding faith. The loss of the Plains native is deeply felt here at home and around the world. Explore Carter’s legacy 2026 Georgia Runoff Elections Results from Georgia's June 16 runoff elections are now available. The General Election will be held on November 3. View Results Special Session of the Georgia General Assembly Governor Kemp has issued a proclamation convening a Special Session of the Georgia General Assembly beginning June 17, 2026. View the official proclamation and session details. Read the Proclamation America 250 License Plate A new standard-issue license plate is available to commemorate the 250th anniversary of the Revolutionary War. This new license plate will remain available for issuance through 2030. Choose the license plate when titling and registering your vehicle, or exchange your current plate by visiting your local tag office. Standard fees apply. Get the new design Georgia Surplus Tax Refund Eligible Georgia taxpayers may qualify for a surplus tax refund of up to $500. Check your eligibility, estimate your refund amount, and track your refund status online. Find out if you're eligible Featured Guides Assistance and Benefits Programs Driving, Vehicles, and Licensing Recreation and Licensing Starting a Business All Guides