Miami Correctional Facility (MCF) | ICE Skip to main content Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. En Español Contact Us Quick Links Newsroom News Releases and Statements Latest High-Profile Arrests Inside ICE Multimedia Social Media Speeches and Testimonies ERO Statistics Dashboard ICE's ERO officers uphold United States immigration laws by focusing on individuals who present the greatest risk to national security, public safety or border security. View the most recent statistics 2024 Year in Review ICE’s FY 2024 Annual Report View the annual report Media Inquiries Share Share on Facebook Share on X Share on LinkedIn Email this Page Print this Page Miami Correctional Facility (MCF) Chicago Field Office Contacting a Detainee Legal & Case Information Hours of Visitation Sending Items to Detainees Press & Media Feedback or Complaints Contacting a Detainee Contacting a Detainee If you need information about a detainee that is housed at this facility, you may call (765) 689-8920 between the hours of 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. When you call, please have the alien’s biographical information ready, including first, last and hyphenated names, any aliases he or she may use, date of birth and country of birth. Detainees cannot receive incoming calls. If you need to get in touch with a detainee to leave an urgent message, you must call (765) 689-8920, ext. 5495 and leave the detainee’s full name, alien registration number and your name and telephone number where you can be reached. The detainee will be given your message. To send a non-confidential message to a detainee, please visit www.GettingOut.com . Legal & Case Information Legal & Case Information Immigration Court For information about a matter before the immigration court, you may call 1-800-898-7180 to speak with them directly. Applications for relief from removal and other applications requested by the immigration judge must be filed directly with the immigration court. Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) For information about a matter before the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA), you may call (703) 305-0289, where you can obtain automated information or speak with a live representative during office hours. Nationwide pro bono representatives listing → To Post a Delivery Bond Delivery bonds are posted when a person has been taken into ICE custody and placed into removal proceedings while in the United States. Post a Bond Submitting a G-28 G-28s filed on behalf of detained aliens at this facility can now be accepted through the online platform ERO eFile . Facility staff will not have access to ERO eFile at this time; legal representatives should download copies of their submitted G-28 for any in-person or remote legal visit. Sending Non-Confidential Messages to Detained Aliens To send a non-confidential message to a detainee, please visit www.GettingOut.com . Other Legal Access Related Communications Requests for case information pertaining to aliens detained at this facility can be sent to Chicago.Outreach@ice.dhs.gov . Please note that this mailbox does not accept applications for Stay of Removal or Case Appeals. Contacting the Deportation Officer To ascertain the identity of your client’s Deportation Officer, send a request to CHI-ERO-Detained@ice.dhs.gov to obtain that information. Please note that a G-28 must be on file for any information to be disclosed. Hours of Visitation Hours of Visitation Friends and Family Visits Virtual Friends and Family Communications To place money on a detainee account for phone minute usage, please call ViaPath at (866) 516-0115 or visit www.GettingOut.com . In-Person Visitation ICE detainees are allowed one (1) hour of visitation per week. The visitation days and hours are listed below: Thursday - Sunday 8 a.m. – 9 a.m. 9:30 a.m. – 10:30 a.m. 11 a.m. – 12 p.m. 12:30 p.m. – 1:30 p.m. Please visit http://idoc.gtlvisitme.com to schedule an in-person visitation. Visitors must go through the facility’s screening process prior to scheduling a visit. Visitation must be scheduled at least one business day prior to the desired date. Visitors are required to follow all facility policy and procedures while visiting a detainee. For ViaPath customer support, call 1-855-208-7349. Unaccompanied visitors must be at least 18 years of age. Persons under 18 must be accompanied by a parent or guardian. Proof of the parent/guardian relationship will be required (proof may be birth certificate or court ordered guardianship). Visitors must have a government issued photo identification with them. All visitors should wear clothing that reflects acceptable standards that possess no threat to the facility. Clothes of the acceptable type should be loose fitting, not form or tight fitting. Tight fitting clothes such as stirrup, lycra pants, or leggings shall not be worn. No hoodies. Dresses, Skirts, or shorts must be no shorter that two (2) inches above the knee and not have deep slits. Halter tops, low cut revealing tops, tank tops, tube tops, sleeveless or cut-offs, see through, swimsuit tops, body suits, shear blouses or upper garments reflecting similar dress are prohibited. Undergarments must always be worn. No jewelry except wedding band/set. Attorney Visits Legal representatives are authorized to visit their clients during the following hours: Weekdays 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Weekends and Holidays 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. Legal visits must be scheduled in advance by sending an email to MCFSchedule@idoc.IN.gov . Appointments requested outside of the hours above may be granted on a case-by-case basis if there are extenuating circumstances. A list of pro bono (free) legal organizations will be posted in all detainee housing units and other appropriate areas. This list shall be updated quarterly. If a detainee wishes to see a representative or paralegal from that organization, it is the detainee’s responsibility to contact them for an appointment. Legal Calls or Video Teleconferencing Legal representatives may request video teleconference (VTC) meetings or confidential legal phone calls with their clients or prospective clients by calling (765) 689-8920 ext. 5495 or emailing MCFSchedule@idoc.IN.gov . The facility will respond with a confirmed date and time. The email should include: Legal representative’s full name Legal representative’s contact information, including phone number(s), and email address Detainee’s name Detainee’s alien number A few proposed times/dates for the requested VTC session A scan of the legal representative’s government issued identification A scan of the legal representative’s identification or documentation reflecting their status as an active legal representative, such as a state bar card, attorney license, paralegal license, or similar legal status. A scan of the attorney’s DHS Form G-28 (unless this is pre-representational) If a legal assistant is the only legal representative to join the call, the email should also attach a letter of authorization on the firm’s/organization’s letterhead and a scan of the assistant’s identification. All appointments for VTC meetings or phone calls should be made 24 hours prior to the desired appointment time. Appointments are scheduled for normal visitation hours and are in 30 to 60-minute increments. Legal representatives are not limited on the number of VTC appointments they can request, but no legal representative is permitted more than one 60-minute appointment with a detainee in a single day. The same guidelines for in-person attorney/client visits will apply to VTC meetings and legal calls. Only legal representatives, legal assistants, and interpreters will be allowed; no family or friends of the clients are permitted. The attorney and/or his/her agents may contact outside interpretation services during the call or session. The sessions will be confidential; a visitation officer will be stationed outside of the confidential room to ensure security by standing out of earshot but within eyeshot. The officer will knock 5 minutes before the cut off time. Please be advised that legal representatives and their staff are not permitted to video or audio record during any virtual or in-person visit or any call with aliens at the facility. Any violation of these rules may result in suspension or a permanent revocation of VTC user privileges. Electronic Exchange of Legal Documentation When timely communication through the mail is not possible, the facility administrator may, in his/her discretion, allow for a reasonable amount of electronic written communication by means between the detained alien and their designated legal representative. Faxes/Emails Sent by Legal Representatives to the Attention of Detained Aliens Legal representatives can send legal correspondence to MCFSchedule@idoc.IN.gov . Representatives should make clear in the subject line that it is legal correspondence/mail and include as an attachment the specific documents/forms that the legal representative wants the facility to deliver to the detained alien. Within the email the legal representative should include the following information and a cover sheet for the attachment that includes the: Detainee Full Name Detainee Alien Number Sender’s Return Fax Number Total number of pages sent. Notate the correspondence is “Legal Mail” The documents will be inspected for contraband, but not read. The legal mail will be delivered to the detainee. All legal electronic communication requests will be processed during normal business hours Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., excluding holidays. Consular Visits Consular officials may meet with their detained nationals at any time. It is requested that prior arrangements be made with the ICE officer to the extent possible, and that consular officials bring appropriate credentials when they come to the facility. The ICE officer for this facility can be reached by contacting the Chicago, IL detained unit via email at CHI-ERO-Detained@ice.dhs.gov , or at (872) 351-3990. Clergy Visits Clergy may visit detainees at any time but must make prior arrangements with the Chaplain’s Office. Visiting Restrictions All family or other social visits are non-contact. No firearms or weapons of any kind are permitted in the facility. If visitors are or appear to be intoxicated, visitation will not be allowed. All visitors are subject to search while in the facility. Visitors are not allowed to pass or attempt to pass any items to detainees. Visitors are not allowed to carry any items into the visitation area. Search Procedures (prior to or during all visitations) All individuals requesting admittance to the facility or the visitation area are subject to a pat-down search of their person, an inspection of their belongings, and a metal scan search. Individuals refusing to cooperate with a reasonable search will not be admitted. No firearms or weapons of any kind are permitted. No electronic devices (cell phones, pagers, radios, etc.) are permitted in the secure areas of this facility. Sending Items to Detainees Sending Items to Detainees Commissary Funds To place money on an inmate’s account for commissary use, please visit www.ConnectNetwork.com . Detainees may also receive funds via United States Postal Service money orders. Please use the address listed below and reference the detainee’s name plus last four digits of the A Number on the money order. If detainees receive funds in the mail, they will be taken to the processing area for the money to be placed into their account. The processing officer will provide a receipt for all funds received. Detainees are cautioned not to have cash sent to them in the mail. Telephone Call Funds To place money on a detainee account for phone minute usage, please visit www.GettingOut.com . Postal Mail Letters sent to detainees must be addressed as indicated below and must include the sender’s name and address. To enhance the safety of the facility, all incoming mail is subject to screening for contraband. The mail is not read upon opening, only inspected by the delivery officer. Detainees may send mail from the facility. Detainees may seal their outgoing letters and place them in the provided receptacle. All incoming mail will be delivered to the detainee. When detainees depart the facility or are transferred to another facility, only their legal mail will be forwarded to them. General correspondence will be endorsed "Return to Sender" and returned to the post office. The address to send postal mail to the facility is: Miami Correctional Facility C/O Detainee Name, last four digits of the A Number 3038 West 850 South Bunker Hill, IN 46914 A detainee may receive items that are determined to be of necessity for the sole purpose of travel or release from agency custody with approval of the ICE Deportation Officer. Before sending packages to detainees, please contact the ICE Deportation Officer at CHI-ERO-Detained@ice.dhs.gov . Note that detainees being removed from the United States are allowed one small piece of luggage. If a detainee does not already have baggage, one 40 lb bag can be sent/delivered to him/her after receiving approval from Supervisory Detention and Deportation Officer. Please be advised that for security reasons, no electronic devices (cell phones, electric razors, laptop computers, radios, etc.) will be accepted. Before sending packages to detainees, contact the Chicago, IL detained unit via email at CHI-ERO-Detained@ice.dhs.gov . Detainees may send mail from the facility. Outgoing mail will be routed to the proper postal office within 24 hours of receipt by facility staff. A mail pick-up and delivery schedule are posted in all housing units. Detainees are allowed to purchase stamps for use. Generally, there is no limit to the amount of correspondence detainees may send at their own expense. Indigent detainees (those who have no means of financial support and no funds in their facility account) will be provided postage allowance at government expense. When detainees depart the facility or are transferred to another facility, only their legal mail will be forwarded to them. General correspondence will be endorsed "Return to Sender" and returned to the post office. Press & Media Press & Media The facility has a responsibility to protect the privacy and other rights of detainees and members of the staff. Therefore, interviews will be regulated to ensure the orderly and safe operation of the facility. Ordinarily, live television or radio interviews will not be permitted in the facility. For media inquiries about ICE activities, operations, or policies, contact the ICE Office of Public Affairs at ICEMedia@ice.dhs.gov . Personal Interviews A news media representative who desires to conduct an interview with a detainee must apply in writing to the Chicago Field Office, Office of Enforcement and Removal Operations, indicating familiarity with and agreement to comply with the rules and regulations of the facility as provided to that person by staff. Detainee Consent A detainee has the right not to be interviewed, photographed, or recorded by the media. Before interviewing, photographing, or recording the voice of a detainee, a visiting representative of the media must obtain written permission from that individual. Feedback or Complaints Feedback or Complaints We strive to provide quality service to people in our custody, their family, friends, and to their official representatives. If you believe that we have not lived up to this commitment, we would like to know. If we have met or exceeded your expectations, please let us know that as well. To comment on the services provided at this office, please write to: Field Office Director, Enforcement and Removal Operations U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 101 W Ida B Wells Drive, Suite 4000 Chicago, Illinois 60605 If you feel that an ICE employee or contract services employee mistreated you and wish to make a complaint of misconduct, you may: Contact the Field Office Director at: Field Office Director, Enforcement and Removal Operations U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 101 W Ida B Wells Drive, Suite 4000 Chicago, Illinois 60605 (872) 351-3990 Write the Office of Professional Responsibility: Director, Office of Professional Responsibility U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 500 12th Street, SW Suite 1049 Mailstop 5099 Washington, DC 20536-5005 Contact the ICE OPR Integrity Coordination Center (ICC): 1-833-4ICE-OPR ICEOPRIntake@ice.dhs.gov You may also contact the Department of Homeland Security, Office of Inspector General: DHS Office of Inspector General Attn: Office of Investigations - Hotline 245 Murray Drive, Building 410 Stop: 2600 Washington, DC 20528 Call: 1-800-323-8603 Fax: (202) 245-5217 DHSOIGHOTLINE@DHS.GOV Local Footer Navigation 3038 West 850S Bunker Hill , IN 46914 United States See Map Updated: 02/23/2026 ICE Contact Center Report suspicious activity: 1-866-DHS-2-ICE ICE.gov An official website of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Search Search Home Who We Are Newsroom Information Library Contact ICE Careers En Español