Wright County, MN - Official Website | Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Early Voting for State Primary Opens Friday, June 26 Early/absentee voting for the August primary election opens Friday, June 26 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of June 15-21 Read on... Tax Forfeited Parcels Available for Over-the-Count Sales June 23 Wright County tax forfeited parcels will be available for sale over the counter starting at 8 a.m. Tuesday, June 23 Read on... Hwy. 24, I-94 Project in Clearwater Begins July 7 The Minnesota Department of Transportation will begin a two-year improvement project to reconstruct the Hwy. 24 and I-94 interchange in Clearwater on Tuesday, July 7. Read on... County Offices, Facilities Closed Friday All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Friday, June 19 in observance of the Juneteenth holiday Read on... Wright County Seeking Data Center Workgroup Members Wright County is seeking interested residents, stakeholders, and subject matter experts to serve on a newly established Data Center Moratorium Workgroup. Read on... Performing in the Park Camp Coming Aug.3-5 Wright County 4-H is partnering with Wright County Parks & Recreation to host a three-day performing arts camp Aug. 3-5 at Bertram Chain of Lakes Park in Monticello Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of June 8-14 Read on... County Growth Continues At Steady Pace In between Census periods, the population estimates from the State Demographer become the official numbers for any given year. The latest estimates are out and Wright County's growth continues at a significant rate Read on... Novotny Honored for Service to Wright County At the June 8 meeting of the Otsego City Council, Wright County Commissioner Jeanne Holland and the council expressed their gratitude for the work State Representative Paul Novotny has done on behalf of Wright County Read on... WCSO Bids Farewell to Retiring K9 Officer Last week, Wright County Sheriff’s Office K9 Officer Chase served on his last shift – completing 10 years of service to the residents of the county alongside his partner Sergeant Daniel Cotten. Read on... Closure on CSAH 18 in Albertville Begins June 15 The Wright County Highway Department has announced that beginning Monday, June 15, CSAH 18 will be closed from CSAH 19 to Main Avenue in Albertville Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of June 1-7 Read on... WCSO Hosting K9 Patrol Trials June 14 The Wright County Sheriff’s Office is partnering with the United States Police K9 Association Region 12 as they host this year’s K9 Patrol Trials, including a free public demonstration at 6 p.m. Sunday, June 14 at the Delano Municipal Baseball Field. Read on... Youngrens Named 2026 Wright County Farm Family of the Year Two generations of the Youngren family - Scott and Kim Youngren and Dylan and Kennedy Youngren - were honored at the June 2 meeting of the Wright County Board of Commissioners after being selected 2026 Farm Family of the Year in Wright County Read on... Sheriff's Office Open House Coming June 12 The Wright County Sheriff’s Office will be hosting its annual Open House from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday, June 12 next to the Law Enforcement Center (3810 Braddock Ave. NE, Buffalo). Read on... Candidate Filing for County Elections Now Closed Candidate filing has closed for seven election races in Wright County - with two county commissioner seats being forced to advance in the Aug. 11 primary because there are more than two candidates for both seats Read on... WCSO: Drowning In Pleasant Lake At 8:18 p.m. Monday, June 1, deputies from the Wright County Sheriff's Office were dispatched to Pleasant Lake in Corinna Township for a possible drowning in the lake. Deputies on the scene found an 18-year-old man from Watkins had drowned Read on... County Board Meetings Under New Livestream Platform Beginning with the June 2 county board meeting, Wright County Board meetings will be livestreamed on a platform that can be accessed directly from the county website Read on... DNR Fishing License System Down Starting June 2 The Minnesota DNR's fishing licensing system will go down for a week starting Tuesday, June 2 and running through Monday, June 8. During that time, anglers don't need to have a license to fish Minnesota lakes and rivers Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of May 25-31 Read on... Hwy. 25 Detour Route Changing June 2 The Minnesota Department of Transportation has announced that the Hey. 25 detour route between Monticello and Buffalo will change effective Tuesday, June 2 Read on... CSAH 36 Construction In St. Michael Begins June 1 The Wright County Highway Department has announced that, beginning Monday, June 1, traffic on Ogren Avenue will be diverted as part of the most recent phase of the CSAH 36 project Read on... Highway Department Announces Overlay, Sealcoating Schedule The 2026 pavement preservation contracts are scheduled to begin on Monday, June 1, 2026. The work includes approximately 23 miles of mill/overlay and 28 miles of pavement rejuvenation and sealcoat. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of May 18-24 Read on... County Board Approves Data Center Moratorium At its May 19 meeting, the Wright County Board of Commissioners unanimously approved instituting a moratorium on acceptance of proposals for data centers in the county's 18 townships Read on... Eastbound I-94 ramps at CSAH 37 to Close May 26 Beginning Tuesday, May 26, the I-94 eastbound ramps to and from CSAH 37 in Albertville will be closed. The westbound ramps will remain closed as well, except for a temporary bypass to 62nd Street and the area west of Lymon Avenue. Read on... County Offices, Facilities Closed Monday All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Monday, May 25 in observance of the Memorial Day holiday Read on... A Listing of Memorial Day Events in Wright County Several Wright County communities will conduct Memorial Day programs to honor the men and women who lost their lives in service to their country on Monday, May 25 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of May 11-17 Read on... Candidate Filing Opens Tuesday Candidate filing for elected offices for the 2026 election cycle will open Tuesday, May 19 and will close Tuesday, June 2 Read on... Ney Park 30th Anniversary Celebration Coming Saturday Wright County Parks & Recreation will host a celebration for the 30th anniversary of the Robert Ney Nature Center from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday (May 16) Read on... Board Proclaims May as Child Foster Care Awareness Month The Wright County Board proclaimed May as Child Foster Care Awareness Month and honored a Monticello couple that has taken in numerous foster children over the years Read on... County is Hiring Election Judges for Coming Election Season Wright County is hiring election judges to serve as temporary absentee voting clerks, and absentee ballot board members. These positions play a vital role in administering the 2026 Primary Election and the 2026 General Election. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of May 4-10 Read on... Red Cross Blood Drive Coming May 14 The American Red Cross will be conducting a blood drive from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday, May 14 on the First Floor of the Wright County Government Center (3650 Braddock Ave. NE, Buffalo) Read on... Administration Releases Data Center Statement The Wright County Board of Commissioners is scheduling a public hearing for its May 19 board meeting to discuss of a potential county emergency moratorium to regarding data centers. This moratorium would have no impact on data centers in cities. Read on... CP to Close Railroad Crossing on CSAH 6 Tuesday Canadian Pacific Railroad has informed the Wright County Highway Department that they will close CSAH 6 at the railroad crossing south of Hwy. 55 in Corinna Township Sunday May 17 through Wednesday, May 20 Read on... Ney Nature Center Hosting 30th Anniversary Event May 16 The Robert Ney Nature Center north of Maple Lake will be hosting a 30th anniversary celebration Saturday, May 16 Read on... CSAH 35/8 Intersection Project Begins Monday Beginning Monday, May 11,, the Wright County Highway Department will be closing the intersection of CSAH 35 and CSAH 8 Read on... First-Half Property Taxes Due May 15 Wright County Taxpayer Services is reminding property owners that first-half property taxes are due Friday, May 15 and there are different options you can use to make payments Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of April 27 to May 3 Read on... Hwy. 25 to Close Monday in Buffalo for Railroad Track Repair The Minnesota Department of Transportation has announced an emergency closure of Hwy. 25 in Buffalo for repair work by Canadian-Pacific Railroad at the tracks located south of Hwy. 55. The closure is expected to begin Monday (May 4) and end Friday (May 8) Read on... Board Proclaims May 3-9 Correctional Officers Week The Wright County Board of Commissioners has proclaimed May 3-9 as Correctional Officers and Employees Week in Wright County - honoring the men and women that do the unsung work of overseeing inmates in jails and prisons throughout the country Read on... CSAH 36 Construction Begins Monday Beginning Monday, May 4, CSAH 36 will be closed to westbound traffic. Eastbound traffic will remain open. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of April 20-26 Read on... Various Payment Methods Available for Property Taxes First-half property taxes are due Friday, May 15. Wright County Taxpayer Services is reminding property owners that there are multiple ways to pay your taxes - by mail, online, in-person or using the outside drop box at the Government Center Read on... BNSF Railroad To Do Track Repair in Cokato April 28-29 BNSF Railroad has informed the Wright County Highway Department that it will be closing CSAH 3 at the railroad crossing south of Hwy. 12 in the City of Cokato on Tuesday, April 28 to complete the removal of the second track. Read on... Diedrick Announces She Won't Seek Second Commissioner Term District 1 County Commissioner Tina Diedrick has released a statement announcing that she won't be seeking re-election later this year Read on... Phase 2 of CSAH 37/Co. Rd 137 Project Begins April 30 Beginning Thursday, April 30, County Road 137 will be closed as work continues on the CSAH 37/Co. Rd. 137 improvement project Read on... Wright County In Red Flag Warning The National Weather Service has issued a Red Flag Warning for 54 counties in Minnesota, including Wright County. This warning asks that residents not have fires today (April 22) because the ingredients are in place for fires to spread quickly Read on... April 20-24 Proclaimed Work Zone Awareness Week The Wright County Board of Commissioners proclaimed April 20-24 as Work Zone Awareness Week at Tuesday's board meeting Read on... Weed Spraying Begins May 1 The Wright County Highway Department has announced that roadside spraying in county right-of-way will begin Friday, May 1, as well as letting homeowners that wish to do their own elimination of noxious weeds and brush how to avoid county spraying Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of April 13-19 Read on... CSAH 37 Open House Coming April 28 The Wright County Highway Department will be hosting an open house from 4:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesday, April 28 to discuss the CSAH 37 project between Hwy. 25 and Co. Rd. 118 Read on... First Half Property Tax Payments Due May 15 Wright County Taxpayers Services is reminding property owners that first-half property tax payments are due May 15. The notices were mailed in late-March. If property owners haven't received their tax statements, they need to contact the department Read on... Spring Weight Restrictions To Be Lifted Monday Spring load restrictions on Wright County highways and roads that have been in place since March 3 will be lifted at 12:01 a.m. Monday, April 20 Read on... MnDOT Announces Start of Hwy. 25 Project The Minnesota Department of Transportation has announced the start of Phase 1 of the Hwy. 25 project between Monticello and Buffalo. This first phase of road closures will begin Tuesday, April 21 Read on... Wondering What's Under Construction? Wright County GIS has an interactive Highway Construction Viewer interactive map of all MnDOT, county and city road projects in Wright County taking place in 2026 Read on... April 13-17 Is Severe Weather Awareness Week The Minnesota Department of Public Safety and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security are jointly taking part in Severe Weather Awareness Week from April 13-17. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of April 6-12 Read on... Hwy. 25 Project Between Monticello, Buffalo Begins Monday The Minnesota Department of Transportation has announced that the Hwy. 25 project will begin Monday, April 13 with preparation work and a detour to thru traffic will begin Tuesday, April 21 Read on... Lutes Releases Statement on Status of Delong Case Wright County Attorney Brian Lutes has released a statement regarding the status of prosecuting David Delong, who murdered Amber Czech in Cokato on Nov. 11, 2025 Read on... Drug Takeback Day Coming April 25 Wright County Health & Human Services and MEADA are partnering with Coborn's and Harvest Bank for a Takeback Day for expired/unused medication from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, April 25 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of March 30-April 5 Read on... I-94 Construction Between Monticello and Albertville Starts April 7 The I-94 Gap Project between Monticello and Albertville will begin its final phase Tuesday, April 7. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of March 23-29 Read on... MnDOT Announces Date for Work, Detour on Hwy. 25 Project An update has been provided to MnDOT by the construction manager on the Hwy. 25 project between Buffalo and Monticello Read on... DVS Reports Scam Using Its Name Minnesota Driver and Vehicle Services (DVS) is warning people of a scam being perpetrated that sends text messages claiming to be DVS employees Read on... Wright SWCD Conducting Annual Tree Sale Through April 13 The Wright Soil & Water Conservation District is conducting its annual Tree Sale Program through Monday, April 13 Read on... Hwy. 25 Construction Between Monticello, Buffalo to Begin April 13 The Minnesota Department of Transportation has announced the starting date for the Hwy. 25 construction between Monticello and Buffalo. The project begins Monday, April 13 and will include a full closure to thru traffic Read on... Section of CSAH 39 in Monticello to Close Monday Beginning Monday, March 30, a section CSAH 39 will be closed between 7th Street and Chelsea Road in the City of Monticello as part of the city’s CSAH 39 West Utility Extension project Read on... Property Tax Statements Coming Soon Wright County Taxpayer Services has been informed by the vendor that prints property tax statements that those statements have been delivered to the United States Postal Service and will start arriving in mailboxes soon Read on... Recycling Center Offering Free Spring Cleaning Items The Wright County Household Hazardous Waste & Recycling site (5538 85th St. NW, Maple Lake), has a variety of free items available, including paints, cleaners, pool chemicals, adhesives, and stains Read on... Robin Hood Academy Archery Classes Coming in April Wright County Parks & Recreation is accepting registration for the Robin Hood Academy, an archery basics class for children in Grades 4-8. The afterschool program will be conducted April 2, 9 and 16 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of March 16-22 Read on... Wright County Hosts a Pair of Important Infrastructure Meetings In the span of four days, Wright County hosted a pair of important events - the annual meeting of the Central Mississippi Regional Partnership and Congressman Tom Emmer bringing a pair of transportation heavy hitters to see the I-94 Gap Project Read on... Taxpayer Services Warning of Third-Party Passport Scam Wright County Taxpayer Services is warning people about a third-party vendor scam that is happening when those seeking a new passport are filling out applications online and pay fees that the scammer keeps Read on... Board Honors Gene Janikula At Tuesday's meeting of the Wright County Board of Commissioners, March 17, 2026 was proclaimed Gene Janikula Day in Wright County, honoring the longtime Woodland Township Supervisor for 61 years of service to his township and residents of Wright County Read on... Parks & Rec Seeking Public Input on Beebe Lake Improvement Project Wright County Parks & Recreation is seeking public input via an online survey dealing with proposed site improvements at Beebe Lake County Park Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of March 9-15 Read on... Xcel Releases Followup Statement Xcel Energy has released a statement regarding an oil leak at the Monticello nuclear power plant and its reaching the Mississippi River Read on... Township Election Results Are In Fifteen of Wright County's 18 townships had elections Tuesday, March 10. The results for most of them are in and the three townships yet to report as of 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, March 11 did not have contested elections Read on... Xcel Releases Statement Concerning Oil Leak Xcel Energy has released a statement regarding a leak of approximately 200 gallons of oil at the Monticello nuclear power plant that got into the water used for cooling Read on... Master Gardener Program Coming March 21 University of Minnesota Extension has announced a master gardener program coming to Maple Lake High School from 8 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Saturday, March 21 Read on... Highway Department Preparing for Massive Storm The Wright County Highway Department is going to have a long weekend as a storm that is expected to bring more than a foot of snow is on its way to Wright County in a 24-hour period between sundown Saturday into Sunday afternoon Read on... Parks & Rec Looking for Summer Employees Wright County Parks & Recreation is looking for a pair of summer employees - a seasonal recreation program assistant and a seasonal parks maintenance position Read on... Voting Hours for Township Elections Today (March 10) is Election Day for 15 of Wright County's 18 townships. To see the hours for for voting, follow the link on this page Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of March 2-8 Read on... Parks & Rec Releases Spring/Summer Programming Guide Wright County Parks & Recreation has released its Spring and Summer Programming Guide. It lists all the events being planned from March until August and includes programs for children, adults and families. Read on... Township Elections Coming Tuesday Township Election Day is Tuesday, March 10 for 15 of Wright County’s 18 townships (Clearwater, Silver Creek and Southside Townships conduct elections in November). The Government Center will be open from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday, March 7 for early voting Read on... Parks & Rec To Host Beebe Lake Park Improvement Open House Wright County Parks & Recreation will be hosting the Beebe Lake Park Improvements Open House at 6 p.m. Monday, March 9 at the Parks & Recreation offices (3500 Braddock Ave. NE, Buffalo). Read on... Parks & Rec Offering Buckthorn Hiking Stick Event March 8 Wright County Parks & Recreation is offering a Buckthorn Hiking Stick event from 1 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. Sunday, March 8 at Robert Ney Nature Center in Maple Lake. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Feb. 23-March 1 Read on... Parks & Rec Hosting Owl Pellet Class March 5 Join Wright County Parks & Recreation from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Thursday, March 5 for a hands-on exploration of owl pellets and uncover the secrets of these fascinating nighttime hunters! Read on... Fish Houses Need to Be Removed March 2 The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources is reminding those with fish houses on all lakes south of Duluth need to be off the ice by 11:59 p.m. tonight (Monday, March 2). Read on... Campground Reservations for 2026 Open Monday Wright County Parks & Recreation has announced that campground reservations for the 2026 camping season will open at 8 a.m. Monday, March 2 for Wright County residents and 10 a.m. for all others. There are some changes those interested should see now Read on... Tax Forfeit Parcel Auction Opens Monday Wright County's tax forfeit parcel auction web portal has gone live and bidding will begin Monday, March 2 Read on... Spring Load Restrictions Start March 3 The Minnesota Department of Transportation and the Wright County Highway Department have announced that spring weight restrictions for vehicles will take effect at 12:01 a.m. Tuesday, March 3 Read on... HHS Has New Services Access Portal Wright County Health & Human Services has created an online access portal to assist people in need of commonly requested services, such as food, housing and mental health resources Read on... 4-H Hosting a Cloverbud Event March 22 Wright County 4-H will host a Cloverbud youth event from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday March 22 at Zion Lutheran Church in Buffalo Read on... Name a Snowplow Winners Announced The Minnesota Department of Transportation has announced the winners of the 2025-26 Name a Snowplow Contest - the sixth year of Minnesotans submitted humorous or clever names for one plow in each of MnDOT's eight districts Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Feb. 17-22 Read on... MnDOT Announces Second Hwy. 25 Project in 2027 The Minnesota Department of Transportation will shut down Hwy. 25 between Monticello and Buffalo this summer, but plans have been announced for shutting down the I-94 bridge in Monticello on Hwy. 25 in 2027 Read on... Wright County Farm Family of the Year Nominations Open University of Minnesota Extension's Farm Family Recognition Program has opened nominations for the 2026 Wright County Farm Family of the Year Read on... Highway Department Releases 2026 Spring Load Restriction Map With warmer-than-normal temperatures expected over the next week, the Wright County Highway has released its spring load restriction map. The restrictions are likely going to begin in late-February or early-March Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Feb. 9-15 Read on... Master Gardening Program Coming to Maple Lake March 21 University of Minnesota Extension will be hosting a gardening day Saturday, March 21 at Maple Lake High School with U of M master gardeners on hand to answer questions and offer advice Read on... County Offices and Facilities Closed Monday All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Monday, Feb. 16 in observance of the President’s Day holiday Read on... DOR Warning of Tax Filing Scams The Minnesota Department of Revenue is warning tax filers of scams being used by identify thieves that have become more commonplace in recent years, including suspicious emails, texts and phone calls Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Feb. 2-8 Read on... Parks & Rec Looking for Summer Employees Wright County Parks & Recreation is looking for summer seasonal employees and are accepting applications Read on... Highway Department Releases Five-Year Plan Project Map The Wright County Highway Department has released its Five-Year Plan for construction projects on the horizon for 2026-2030 Read on... MnDOT Has Released Finalists for Name a Snowplow Contest For the sixth year, the Minnesota Department of Transportation is conducting its Name a Snowplow contest Read on... Campsite Reservations Open March 2 Wright County Parks & Recreation has announced that campground reservations will open Monday, March 2 and is providing some advance tips to assist those looking to book campsites before they run out Read on... Tax Forfeit Parcel Auction Is Open The latest Wright County tax forfeit parcel auction is now open and will remain open through Feb. 1 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Jan. 26-Feb. 1 Read on... HHS To Close for Two Hours Feb. 4 Wright County’s Health & Human Services will be closed from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 4 for all-staff training Read on... Caucus Night Coming Feb. 3 Minnesota Precinct Caucus Night for all of Minnesota's political parties will be Tuesday, Feb. 3 Read on... Open House for CSAH 19/30th Street Project Coming Feb. 3 The Wright County Highway Department is notifying those interested that there will be an Open House for the CSAH 19/30th Street NE intersection project in St. Michael from 4:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 3 Read on... Lantern Ski Event Coming Jan. 31 Wright County Parks & Recreation has announced that a lantern ski event at Ney Park originally scheduled for Jan. 24 but postponed due to frigid temperatures will be conducted from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 31 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Jan. 19-25 Read on... Board Proclaims Princess Kay of the Milky Way Day in Wright County At Tuesday's meeting of the Wright County Board, the commissioners proclaimed Jan. 20, 2026 as Malorie Thorson Princess Kay of the Milky Way Day in Wright County, honoring the Waverly native who won the prestigious honor in August at the State Fair Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Jan. 12-18 Read on... County Offices and Facilities Closed Monday All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Monday, Jan. 19 in observance of the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday Read on... Open House for Rockford Trail Project Coming Jan. 26 Wright County Parks & Recreation, in cooperation with the City of Rockford, are working on the design of the Crow River Regional Trail (CRRT) within the city and will host an Open House from 5 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Monday, Jan. 26 at Riverside Park Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Jan. 5-11 Read on... Deringer Announces He Won't Be Seeking a Third Term Wright County Sheriff Sean Deringer announced today (Jan. 9) that he will be not seeking a third term as sheriff Read on... Lutes Announces Bid For Second Full Term Wright County Attorney Brian Lutes has announced his intent to run for election to a second full term as county attorney in 2026 Read on... Highway Department Releases Brine-Making Video The Wright County Highway Department has released a video outlining the process of making its own brine to apply on roads during snow/ice events - saving thousands of dollars with each storm. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Dec. 29-Jan. 4 Read on... Highway Department Fighting Uphill Battle With Snow, Ice After two of the mildest winters in history in terms of snow and ice storms, 2025 ended with a bang - leaving Highway Department plow drivers working long hours as the storms (big and small) just keep on coming Read on... County Offices, Facilities Closed Thursday All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Thursday, Jan. 1 in observance of the New Year's Day holiday Read on... Parks & Rec Hosting New Year's Eve Hike at Ney Park Wright County Parks & Recreation will host a free nighttime hike at Ney Park on New Year's Eve Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Dec. 22-28 Read on... Festival of Trees In Final Two Weeks The Wright County Historical Society's Festival of Trees, which had its best single-day attendance number ever on Dec. 20, runs through Saturday, Jan. 3 Read on... Storm Coming Sunday, Monday That Could Be Significant A storm that is expected to start in the early hours of Sunday (Dec. 28) and extend into Monday (Dec. 29) that is expected to include rain, freezing rain and the potential to 6 to 8 inches of snow before it clears out Monday Read on... NORAD Tracking Santa Christmas Eve Read on... Offices, Facilities to Close Early Dec. 24 All Wright County offices and facilities will close at noon, Wednesday, Dec. 24 and remain closed Thursday, Dec. 25 in observance of the Christmas holiday Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Dec. 15-21 Read on... MnDOT Opens Name A Snowplow Contest The Minnesota Department of Transportation is no accepting submissions for the 6th Annual "Name a Snowplow" contest. Voting runs through Friday, Dec. 19 Read on... Lutes Gets Grand Jury Indictment of Delong Wright County Attorney Brian Lutes convened a grand jury Friday, Dec. 5 and returned indictments for first- and second-degree murder against David Delong related to the Nov. 11 death of Amber Czech Read on... Ney Nature Center Open This Weekend for Rentals The Robert Ney Nature Center will be open this weekend (Dec. 20-21) for ski and snowshoe rentals - as well as several county parks that are open for cross country skiing earlier than expected Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Dec. 9-14 Read on... Festival of Trees Now Open The Wright County Historical Society is hosting the 19th Annual Festival of Trees, which opened Monday, Dec. 2 and continues through Saturday, Jan. 3 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Dec. 1-7 Read on... County Releases E-Newsletter Wright County has released is biannual e-newsletter, providing residents with a variety of topics of interest Read on... Highway Department Preparing for Unpredictable Winter Storm The Wright County Highway Department is preparing for a storm that is set to hit after noon today (Dec. 9) - with the potential for freezing rain in some areas before turning over to all snow tonight into Wednesday morning Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Nov. 24-30 Read on... Parks & Rec Releases Winter 2026 Schedule Wright County Parks & Recreation has released its program guide for the winter months of early 2026 Read on... Officer Involved Shooting in Monticello The Wright County Sheriff's Office has released a statement regarding an officer-involved shooting Nov. 25 in Monticello Read on... HHW Facility Accepting Old, Unused Christmas Lights for Recycling The Wright County Household Hazardous Waste Facility is accepting old and unused Christmas lights for recycling at the temporary HHW site in Maple Lake and at the Planning & Zoning Department on the first floor of the Government Center Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Nov. 17-23 Read on... County Offices, Facilities Closed Thursday and Friday All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Thursday, Nov. 27 and Friday, Nov. 28 in observance of the Thanksgiving holiday Read on... Assessor's Office Releases Homestead Notice The Wright County Assessor's Office has released a property tax homestead notice laying out the eligibility requirements for those applying for a homestead application Read on... County Board Calls Out DOC Commisioner The Wright County Board questioned the actions of Minnesota Department of Corrections Commissioner Read on... Virtual Open House Available for CSAH 18/19 Project Members of the public who want to get a deeper look at the CSAH 18/19 project in Albertville can visit a virtual open house webpage until late December Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Nov. 10-16 Read on... County Attorney Releases Statement, Charging Documents Wright County Attorney Brian Lutes has released a statement regarding the court filing of 2nd degree murder charges against David Bruce Delong in connection to the Nov. 11 murder of one of his co-workers in Cokato Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Statement Regarding Murder in Cokato The Wright County Sheriff's Office has released a statement regarding a murder that took place Tuesday, Nov. 11 in Cokato Read on... Parks & Rec Releases Winter Program Guide Wright County Parks & Recreation has released its 2026 Winter Program Guide, highlight the programs and special events for all ages during the coming winter months Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Nov. 3-9. Click here to see the full Arrest Report Read on... Offices, Facilities Closed Tuesday All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Tuesday, Nov. 11 in observance of the Veterans Day holiday Read on... MnDOT Finalizing 2025 Portion of I-94 Construction The Minnesota Department of Transportation has announced the schedule for finalizing the 2025 portion of the I-94 gap project between Monticello and Albertville Read on... Unofficial Election Results The unofficial election results are in for the vacated Senate District 29 seat and four school district ballot questions Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Oct. 27 to Nov. 2 Read on... Registration Open for Photos with Santa Wright County Parks & Recreation has opened the registration portal for families to sign up for the popular Photos with Santa program Saturday, Dec. 6 at Bertram Chain of Lakes Regional Park Read on... Government Center Open Expanded Hours for Early Voting The Wright County Government Center will be open additional hours for early voting Saturday (Nov. 1) and Monday (Nov. 3) Read on... Schedule Update for CSAH 37/Co. Rd. 137 Roundabout Project The Wright County Highway Department has provided a schedule update on the CSAH 37/Co. Rd. 137 project in Otsego and Albertville Read on... Facilities Department Honored by Wright County 4-H The Wright County Facilities Department was honored at the Oct. 21 meeting of the Wright County Board, being awarded the Friend of 4-H Supporter Award for its work making improvements to the stage in the 4-H building and adding a ramp for the disabled Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Oct. 20-26 Read on... Wright County Awarded DEED Grant Wright County has been awarded a grant of $867,500 from the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development for the demolition of the old Government Center in downtown Buffalo Read on... BNSF Railroad to Conduct Track Repair Oct. 23-24 north of Delano Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Oct. 13-19 Read on... DCYF Website Explain Impact of Shutdown on SNAP Recipients The Minnesota Department of Children, Youth and Families has created a web page dealing with questions and concerns dealing with the shutdown of the federal government and how it effects SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program) recipients Read on... Work Starts Oct. 20 At CSAH 35/CSAH 8 Intersection Beginning Monday, October 20 the Wright County Highway Department will be closing the intersection of CSAH 35 and CSAH 8 to begin the soil corrections in advance of the planned roundabout construction in 2026. Read on... Second Half Property Taxes Due Today Wright County Taxpayer Services is reminding property owners that second half property taxes are due today (Wednesday, Oct. 15). There are different options to pay your taxes Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Oct. 6-12 Read on... Monticello Man Dies in Mississippi River Tuesday A 28-year-old Monticello man died Tuesday after a boat he was fishing in capsized in the Mississippi River Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Sept. 29-Oct. 5 Read on... MnDOT To Host Hwy. 25 Open House Oct. 9 The Minnesota Department of Transportation will be conducting an open house-style review of the 2026 Hwy. 25 project between Monticello and Buffalo from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. Thursday Oct. 9 on the first floor of the Wright County Government Center Read on... County Online Domain Name Has Changed Due to requirements from the federal government to strengthen cybersecurity of government websites and email accounts, Wright County has transitioned its official online presence to include .gov as its domain name. Read on... County Has Job Openings Wright County has several job openings available on the careers portal on the county website Read on... Tax Forfeit Parcel Auction Is Open The portal for bidding on tax forfeit parcels being auctioned off is now open. The bidding portal went live at 8 a.m. today (Monday, Sept. 29) and will close at 9 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 5 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Sept. 22-28 Read on... Red Cross Conducting Blood Drive Oct. 2 The American Red Cross is looking for blood donations for a blood drive that will held from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 2 at the Wright County Government. Click the link to learn more and how to sign up to donate blood Read on... MnDOT to Conduct Informal Open House in Clearwater Monday The Minnesota Department of Transportation will be hosting an informal open house from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Monday, Sept. 29 at Lions Park Pavilion in Clearwater to answer questions and show displays of the Hwy. 24 construction project coming in 2026 Read on... Recycling Center Won't Be Accepting Brush, Yard Waste This Week Due to a paving project at the highway shop area in Maple Lake, the temporary location of the Wright County Recycling Center will not be able to accept brush and grass clippings starting Sept. 25 through Sept. 29 Read on... Credit Card Property Tax Portal Remains Down Due to an issue that required the vendor of the county's on-line portal for processing credit card transactions, that option for paying online has been temporarily shut down while a fix is being done Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Sept. 15-21 Read on... Public Hearing on Proposed Crawford Lake LID Coming Oct. 7 The Wright County Board of Commissioners will conduct a public hearing at 9:30 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 7 for public input on the proposed established of the Crawford Lake Improvement District Read on... Online Property Tax Payment Portal Temporarily Down Wright County Taxpayer Services has announced that the online payment system for property tax payments is currently unavailable to process credit card and e-card transactions Read on... Monticello Announces Timeframe for Construction Project A two-phase construction project in Monticello on CSAH 39 from Elm Street to 7th Street W. will begin Sept. 22 with a completion date scheduled for June 26, 2026. The working hours on the project will be from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Mondays to Saturdays. Read on... Online Property Tax Payment Portal Back Online The online portal used to process credit card and e-check transactions is back online Read on... WCSO Deputy Among Three Honored for Lifesaving Efforts At the Sept. 15 meeting of the Howard Lake City Council, three first responders were recognized for their efforts to save the life of a man who had suffered a significant cardiac arrest, including Wright County Sheriff's Deputy Samantha Hansen Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Sept. 8-15 Read on... MDH Conducting Survey for Those Who Own Chicken Flocks Due to rising number of human cases of H5 bird flu, the Minnesota Department of Health is conducting a survey learn more about backyard chicken flocks in Minnesota and how the chickens are cared for Read on... Parks & Rec Conducting Photo Contest Wright County Parks & Recreation is conducting a photo contest for photos taken in any of the Wright County parks and trails Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Statement on Level 3 Offender The Wright County Sheriff's Office has released a statement regarding a Level 3 offender who have been relocated into the community in Delano Read on... CSAH 75 Road Project Coming to Monticello Sept. 13-14 The Wright County Highway Department has moved the road project on CSAH 75 (Broadway Street) to Sept. 13-14 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Sept. 1-7 Read on... Section of CSAH 75 in Monticello to Close Sept. 10 Read on... Road Project on CSAH 39 to Begin Sept. 8 The Wright County Highway Department has announced that a culvert replacement project on CSAH 39 in Silver Creek Township will begin Monday, Sept. 8. Thius is expected to be a two-week closure and will include a detour Read on... U of M Extension Offering Free Gardening Class Sept. 25 University of Minnesota Extension is offering a free gardening knowledge class the evening of Thursday, Sept. 25 at the Wright County Government Center Read on... Section of CSAH 9 Near Waverly to Close Sept. 9-10 A portion of CSAH 9 on the east side of Waverly Lake will be closed Sept. 9-10 for the removal of trees Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Aug. 25-31 Read on... CSAH 37/Co. Rd. 137 Construction in Otsego and Albertville Starts Tuesday Construction of the CSAH 37/County Road 137 project will begin on Tuesday, Sept. 2. This will coincide with construction of the new Costco site and construction on MacIver Avenue - impacting traffic in Otsego and Albertville Read on... Offices, Facilities Closed Monday, Sept. 1 All Wright County offices and facilities will be closed Monday, Sept. 1 in observance of the Labor Day holiday Read on... Tax Forfeit Parcel Auction Open for Viewing The auction website for Wright County tax forfeit parcels opened Aug. 29 for individuals to view the tax forfeit properties that will part of the auction. Bidding will begin Sept. 29 and will remain open until Oct. 5 Read on... County Participates in Nuclear Incident Training Drill On Aug. 12, Wright County joined state agencies, Homeland Security and the Federal Emergency Management Agency for a drill with the Monticello Nuclear Power Plant Read on... Primary Election Results Michael Holmstrom Jr. received more than 73 percent of the votes in Tuesday's Republican primary to advance to November's general election Read on... Parks & Rec Conducting Archery Deer Hunting Lottery Wright County Parks & Recreation will be conducting a lottery for 10 archery deer hunters to hunt in three county parks in October Read on... Wright County Elections Provides Primary Election Day Primer Wright County Elections has provided a primer to answer most questions regarding the Aug. 26 primary election for Senate District 29 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Aug. 18-24 Read on... Road Project Coming on CSAH 40 in Clearwater Township Work is scheduled to begin Monday, August 25 on CSAH 40 (160th St NW) between the Clearwater River and Hwy. 24 in Clearwater Township Read on... Elections Open Additional Hours Wright County Elections will be open additional hours on Saturday (Aug. 23) and Monday (Aug. 25) for early voting in the primary Read on... Recycling Center Won't Be Accepting Brush, Yard Waste for 2 Weeks Due to a paving project at the temporary Wright County Compost & Recycling Center facility, brush and yard waste won't be accepted between now through Friday, Aug. 29 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Aug. 11-17 Read on... Recycling Center Adding Services at Temporary Location The Wright County Compost & Recyling Center has announced that as of today (Aug. 18), it will be accepting electronics and scrap metal Read on... County Growing At Rapid Rate For decades, Wright County has been at or near the top of the fastest-growing counties in the state. According to the most recent data, Wright County is growing even faster Read on... Parks & Rec Releases Fall Program Guide Wright County Parks & Recreation has released its Fall Programming Guide, which includes a pair of the most popular programs Parks & Rec offers Read on... Absentee Voting for Special Election Primary Opens Thursday Absentee voting for a special primary on Tuesday, Aug. 26 will begin on Thursday, August 14. The special primary is for Minnesota Senate District 29 – which became necessary following the death of Sen. Bruce Anderson. Read on... Wright County to Conduct Online Tax Forefeit Property Auction Wright County is offering a free notification service for people to sign up for notifications regarding the county's first online auction of tax forfeited properties. The first auction is tentatively scheduled for late September. Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Aug. 4-10 Read on... CSAH 19 to Close Overnight Aug. 14-15 for Bridge Deck Pouring CSAH 19 at I-94 will close at 8 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 14 until 5 a.m. Friday, Aug. 15 for a pouring of the westbound bridge deck as part of the I-94 gap project Read on... License Center Providing Third-Party Written Test for Drivers The Wright County License Center has released a statement about its efforts to expand the role of local licensing agencies to handle third-party proctoring for written drivers testing, as well as explaining how its efforts have changed how testing is done Read on... WCCA Celebrating 60 Years of Service to Needy Families Wright County Community Action is celebrating 60 years of serving those in need in Wright County. WCCA will be conducting a celebration from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 12 at its office at 130 W. Division St. in Maple Lake Read on... Preparedness Drill at Monticello Nuclear Plant Today The Wright County Sheriff's Office and other first responders will be taking part in a drill simulating an emegency at the Monticello nuclear power plant today (Aug. 12) Read on... License Center Warning About DVS Scam The Wright County License Center is warning residents about a scam being perpetrated by scammers claiming to be from the Minnesota Department of Vehicle Services demanding money for alleged late fees or claiming payment is due Read on... CSAH 5 Reopens to Traffic After Completion of Bridge Project This morning (Friday, Aug. 1), the detour signs for the replacement of the CSAH 5 bridge over the North Fork Crow River came down as the road reopend to traffic Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of July 28 to Aug. 3 Read on... Filing for Senate District 29 Special Election Opens Wednesday The candidate filing period for a special election to fill the Senate District 29 seat in the Minnesota Legislature made necessary due to the death of Sen. Bruce Anderson will open Wednesday (July 30) and remain open until Wednesday, Aug. 6 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of July 21-27 Read on... MnDOT Hosting Hwy. 25 Corridor Open House Aug. 4 The Minnesota Department of Transportation will be conducting a public hearing from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Monday, Aug. 4 to discuss the Hwy. 25 corridor study from Monticello to Big Lake Read on... Compost & Recycling Center Open Additional Hours The Wright Compost & Recycling Center in its temporary location in Maple Lake has added Monday hours to its normal open hours Read on... County Departments Represented at the County Fair Several Wright County departments will be represented at the Wright County Fair July 23-27. Here is where each department is located and what you can find there. Read on... Public Comment on Hwy. 25 PEL Study Ends Thursday The public comment period on the final report for the Hwy. 25 Area Planning and Environment Linkages (PEL) study ends Thursday, July 24 Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of July 14-20 Read on... Sheriff's Office Reports Thursday Night Shooting in Otsego The Wright County Sheriff's Office responded the shots fired from one vehicle at another on southbound Highway 101 Thursday in the City of Otsego Read on... Two Roads in Cokato to Close Next Week for Railroad Track Repair CSAH 3 and Co. Rd. 153 south of Hwy. 12 in the City of Cokato will close starting Wednesday, July 23 as BNSF Railroad completes track repairs Read on... Lane Shift on I-94 Coming Thursday/Friday Overnight MnDOT has announced that westbound lanes of traffic are going to be shifted into the eastbound lanes overnight Thursday, July 17 into the early morning hours of Friday, July 18 Read on... CSAH 19 Closure for Tonight Postponed One Day CSAH 19 (LaBeaux Avenue NE) in Albertvillewas scheduled to close tonight (Tuesday, July 15) has been postponed to Wednesday, July 16 due to forecasts of inclement weather overnight Read on... Compost & Recycling Facility Accepting Household Sharps The Wright County Compost & Recycling Center has announced that it is accepting household sharps at its temporary location in Maple Lake Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of July 7-13 Read on... Grants Available for Low-Speed Internet Areas The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development has a Broadband Line Extension Connection Program designed for individuals to submit applications for grants for those in rural areas of Wright County not currently being served Read on... Sheriff's Office Asking Residents Not to Call 911 for No-Wake Violations With rising lake water due to heavy rain over the last two weeks, the Wright County Sheriff's Office is asking people not to call 911 to report violators Read on... Beebe Lake County Park Closed Thursday Beebe Lake County Park will be closed starting at 7 a.m. Thursday, July 10 starting for removal of hazard tree Read on... CSAH 19 to Close Overnight July 14-15 CSAH 19 in Albertville will close overnight July 14-15 as part of the I-94 project Read on... Clearwater/Pleasant, Collinwood Beaches Closed Today The beaches at Clearwater/Pleasant County Park and Schroeder County Park will be closed today (Wednesday, July 9) to take proactive measures prevent swimmer's itch Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of June 30-July 6 Read on... Performing in the Park Coming to Bertram Park Aug. 4-6 Kids looking for a deep dive into the performing arts from Ordway Theatre professionals can do so at Performing in the Park with the Ordway Theater from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday Aug. 4 through Wednesday, Aug. 6 at Bertram Chain of Lakes Regional Park. Read on... New Law Takes Effect Today for Boat Operators Starting today (Tuesday, July 1) a new law takes effect the requires adults and youth ages 12 and up who operate motorboats – including personal watercraft – to have a valid watercraft operator’s permit Read on... Bertram Beats Coming July 10 Join us for Bertram Beats, a vibrant summer music event celebrating local talent and community spirit, featuring Tricia and the Toonies. The event will take place from 6:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Thursday, July 10 at Bertram Chain of Lakes Regional Park Read on... County Board to Conduct Special Meeting July 3 The Wright County Board of Commissioners will conduct a special meeting at 9 a.m. Thursday July 3 to act on a pair of time-sensitive items Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of June 23-29 Read on... Recyling & Compost Center Open Monday, June 30 Due to damaging storms that impacted Wright County over the weekend, the Wright Recycling & Compost Center will be open from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. today (Monday, June 30) to accept brush Read on... Sheriff's Office Releases Weekly Arrest Report The Wright County Sheriff’s Office has released its weekly Arrest Report for the period of Aug. 19-25 Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Birth and Death Certificates Parks and Recreation Property Resources Marriage Applications, Licenses & Certificates GIS Mapping Meetings Meetings June 2026 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 31 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 01 02 03 04 Tue, Jun. 30 County Board Meeting Wright County Board Meeting View All Events /Calendar.aspx 3650 Braddock Avenue NE Buffalo, MN 55313 Ph: 763-682-3900 or 800-362-3667 Phone Directory Contact Us Wright County Employee of the Month Nomination Associations Sheriff’s Jail Roster Employee of the Month Nomination Employees Surplus Equipment Auctions Elections Historical Links /QuickLinks.aspx What hours are the Wright County offices open? Where can I find County Buildings? Where can I park when I visit the Government Center? How can I find tax information for my property? Can I pay my property taxes online? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Jobs Notifications Agendas & Minutes Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow