Home - Houston County Sheriff's Office Pistol Permits CRIME STOPPERS Contact Us Select Page Houston County Sheriff's Office The mission of the HCSO is to prevent crime, enforce the law, and support quality public safety by delivering respectful, professional, and dependable law enforcement services. Contact Us  Missing Persons Citizen Connect U Inmate Search Pistol Permits  Sex Offenders  Anonymous Tip Houston County Sheriff, Donald Valenza Welcome to the Official Website for the Houston County Sheriff’s Office Our office is located at 411 N Foster Street in Dothan, Alabama. The Houston County Sheriff’s Office is led by Sheriff Donald Valenza, who has been elected twice by the citizens of Houston County, AL since being appointed sheriff by the Governor of Alabama in 2014. The Sheriff’s Office is tasked with covering 587 square miles with approximately 109,000 residents. Our Deputies are proud to meet that challenge daily. HOUSTON COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE CORE VALUES The Houston County Sheriff’s Office adopts the following core values: Rigid obedience to the Constitution of the United States Respect for the dignity of all those we protect Compassion Fairness Uncompromising personal and institutional integrity Accountability by accepting responsibility for our actions and decisions and their consequences Leadership, by example, both personal and professional Careers Any opportunity to serve in law enforcement, in any capacity, is more than a job. It’s a calling and one incredible career opportunity. The Houston County Sheriff’s Office may be your new home to answer the call to serve your community as a law enforcement officer. For more information, contact one of our recruiters today. Learn More Press Releases Scammers Are Impersonating Avadian HOUSTON COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE PRESS RELEASE We are continuing to see Avadian members targeted in vishing attempts - attempts fraud through phone calls. Here's how it works: Someone will call you, claiming to be from Avadian (and maybe even "spoofing" our phone... NARCOTICS INVESTIGATION LEADS TO 2 ARRESTS HOUSTON COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE PRESS RELEASE On October 28, 2022 Houston County Sheriff’s Office conducted a narcotics investigation in the Wicksburg area of Houston County. Narcotic Investigators made contact with a white female identified as Tina Blyth 45 years of... HCSO RESPONDS TO COVID-19 Starting today, Monday, March 30, 2020. The Houston County Sheriff’s Office (building) will be closed to the public in an effort to help slow the spread of COVID-19. Units will still continue to patrol and answer calls. If you have any administrative questions, need... « Older Entries