Sheriff's Office | Guilford County Skip to main content An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Search Sheriff's Office Contact Us Address: 401 W. Sycamore St., Greensboro, NC 27401. Non-Emergencies: 336-373-2222 Phone: 336-641-3694 Fax: 336-641-6729 Apply now! Looking for a rewarding and challenging career? The Guilford County Sheriff's Office is hiring. Learn more about becoming a Detention Officer, Deputy Sheriff, or interning with us. Services Apply for a Conceal Carry Permit Warrant Information Finger Printing File a Report File a Complaint Police to Citizen (P2C) Portal Search Incident Report All Services Hire an Off-Duty Deputy Programs Sheriff's Roundtable Sheriff's Youth Academy Citizens Academy Junior Deputy Program Camera Registry Program Explorer Post 592 Project Lifesaver Reentry Program All Programs Detention Centers Greensboro Detention Center All Detention Center Information High Point Detention Center Inmate Search Recent Arrests Visitation Schedule Inmate Books and Clothing Mail Policies Add Money to an Inmate's Account Divisions Resource Management All Divisions District Patrol Offices Legal Process Professional Standards School Resource Officers Special Operations Personnel and Training SVG How To Avoid Scams Find information and tips on how to recognize and avoid scams. SVG Register Your Camera Register your camera with the Sheriff’s department to protect yourself and your neighbors. This registration does not allow access, it only let us know that you have a camera. Mission The primary concern of the Guilford County Sheriff’s Office is the well-being and safety of the county’s residents. The office aims to enhance the quality of life by reducing crime and the fear of crime. Through proactive, innovative, and resourceful approaches, the Sheriff’s Office works to ensure a high quality of life for all community members. Mission Key Points and Goals: Restore : agency accountability and accreditation Create : safer outcomes with community policing Rebuild : law enforcement and citizen relationships Save : tax dollars through recidivism reduction Reduce : officer attrition rates Develop : equitable employment practices Sheriff D. H. Rogers CALEA Accreditation The Gold Standard in Public Safety. The Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, Inc. (CALEA®), was created in 1979 as a credentialing authority through the joint efforts of law enforcement’s major executive associations. The CALEA Accreditation program seals are reserved for use by those public safety agencies that have demonstrated compliance with CALEA Standards and have been awarded CALEA Accreditation by the Commission. SVG About Us Find out about the organization and the history of the GCSO. Follow Us SVG Facebook SVG X SVG Instagram SVG YouTube SVG TikTok Hosted on Digital Commons