Warrick County Sheriff's Office Emergency: 911 Non Emergency: (812) 897-1200 To Protect And Serve Administrative: (812) 897-6180 Jail: (812) 897-6096 . Welcome To The Warrick County Sheriff's Office Sheriff Michael Wilder is a lifelong resident of Warrick County, who graduated from Boonville High School. Sheriff Wilder attended the University of Evansville where he received his Bachelor’s Degree in Sociology with a specialization in Criminal Justice. Sheriff Wilder is married to his wife Angela and they have two children, Lexi and Landon. Sheriff Wilder was appointed a deputy with the Warrick County Sheriff’s Office in November of 1996. During Sheriff Wilder’s time with the Warrick County Sheriff’s Office he has served as a Motor Patrol Deputy, Motor Patrol Sergeant, FTO (field training officer), Criminal Detective, Narcotic Detective, Lieutenant over Investigations and as the Chief Deputy. Some of Sheriff Wilder’s responsibilities over this period of time include but are not limited to: voice stress analyzer, lead investigator in all types of crimes including murder cases, supervision of the criminal investigations unit, oversight and the complete responsibility for budgets of the Warrick County Jail, Warrick County Central Dispatch and the Warrick County Sheriff’s Office. In January of 2019 Sheriff Wilder was sworn in as the Sheriff of Warrick County. “As the Warrick County Sheriff, my goals are to serve and protect the citizens of Warrick County with the respect and professionalism that they expect from their Sheriff and his Deputies. As the Warrick County Sheriff, I will go above and beyond to continue to make Warrick County a safe and desirable place to live and raise a family. I will uphold the Constitution of the United States and the State of Indiana to make sure that all citizens regardless of race, ethnicity, gender or religion are treated fairly and impartially. I will also create and maintain a budget that controls spending but yet provides the quality of service that is expected from our citizens.” Command Staff Sheriff : Michael Wilder Chief Deputy : Paul Kruse Motor Patrol Lt : Greg Flowers Training Lt : Marvin Bruce Criminal Investigations Lt : Kyle Tevault Jail Commander : Jeremy Holder QUICK LINKS Frequently Asked Questions Seat Belt / Child Restraint Sex Offender Registry Neighborhood Watch County Ordinances Crash Reports Victims Rights Victim Notification Program Contact Info Warrick County Sheriff's Office 100 W S.R. 62 P.O. Box 487 Boonville Indiana, 47601 Office: (812) 897-6180 Dispatch: (812) 897-1200 Jail: (812) 897-6096 Fax: (812) 897-3654 Merit Board The Sheriff's Merit Board meets on an as needed basis at the Sheriff's Office. These meetings are open to the public and will be posted a week prior to any upcoming meeting. Mission Statement "It is the mission of the Warrick County Sheriff's Office to serve all people in a fair, impartial and professional manner and for our service to positively affect their quality of life. We shall enforce and administer the law according to the standards of the Constitution of the United States and the State of Indiana so that equal protection of the law is guaranteed to all citizens. The employees of the Sheriff's Office recognize the special trust and confidence given to us and we shall strive to never lessen the public's opinion of our honorable profession." ATTENTION!!!!! The Sheriff Sale that's scheduled for April 9, 2020 has been cancelled until further notice due to the COVID 19 (Coronavirus). THE WARRICK COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE IS NOW ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS FOR THE POSITION OF DEPUTY SHERIFF. CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD APPLICATION CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD APPLICATION Live view of the new building site. VINE The Indiana VINE system is a service through which victims of crime can use the telephone or Internet to search for information regarding the custody status of their offender and to register to receive telephone and e-mail notification when the offender's custody status changes. The VINE toll-free number for the Indiana VINE system is 1-866-959-VINE (866-959-8463). This service is provided to assist Victims of Crime who have a right to know their offender's custody status. To access VINELink, the Victim Information & Notification Everyday (V.I.N.E.) website, click on the following link www.vinelink.com . Sheriff Sales Information for sheriff sales, Indiana tax warrants and civil process as well as how to obtain a handgun permit, title check, criminal records check or a copy of an accident or case report can be found on the Administration page. Handgun Permits Effective March 12, 2013, we will no longer accept paper handgun permits at the Warrick County Sheriff's Office. Applications for the Indiana handgun permit must be filled out and submitted electronically online. Click on the following link to begin the process. Indiana Firearms Licensing . Sex Offender Registry Crash Reports Code Red Sign up for CodeRED - Warrick County's Emergency Early Warning System. The CodeRED system gives county officials the ability to deliver pre-recorded emergency telephone (notification / information) messages to targeted areas, or the entire county at a rate of up to 60,000 calls per hour. Please take a moment and click on the CodeRED logo or the link below and complete the notification form with the requested information. This information will be used by your local emergency response team to notify you in the event of an emergency situation or critical community alerts. Any time you have an address change or telephone number change you will need to re-register. Click here to get started. Examples include: CodeRED Weather Alert (Register Here) Evacuation notices Bio-terrorism alerts Missing child/person reports Chemical spills or gas leaks Or any other emergency situation where quick and accurate notification is essential for safety of the community. Address Warrick County Sheriff's Office 100 W S.R. 62 P.O. Box 487 Boonville Indiana, 47601 Phone Numbers Office: (812) 897-6180 Fax: (812) 897-3654 Dispatch: (812) 897-1200 Jail: (812) 897-6096 Merit Board The Sheriff's Merit Board meets on the second Tuesday of every month at the Sheriff's Office. This meeting is open to the public. Victim Notification Frequently Asked Questions Seat Belt / Child Restraint Sex Offender Registry Neighborhood Watch County Ordinances Crash Reports Victims Rights © 2017 Warrick County Sheriff's Office Boonville Police Department | Chandler Police Department | Newburgh Police Department Warrick County Sheriff's Office Home | Chief Deputy | Motor Patrol | Criminal Investigations | K-9 Officers | School Resource Officers | Court Security | Administration | Jail | Dispatch | Neighborhood Watch | FAQ | Seat Belt / Child Restraint | Sex Offender Registry | Crash Reports | County Ordinances | Contact Us | Employment | Victims Rights Emergency: 911 • Non Emergency: (812) 897-1200 © 2017 Warrick County Sheriff's Office