Inmate Mail and Visitation | Creek County Sheriff's Office Emergencies Dial 911 Sign up for Alerts Manage Subscription Inmate Visitation & Mail All personal inmate visitation is through NCIC Inmate Communication Systems . Attorney and counsel visits are schedulled with the jail administrator. Onsite video visitation is available on Saturday and Sunday between 8 A.M. and 3 P.M. Appointments must be made at least 24 hours in advance. Use the link below to schedule visitation. Inmate phone services are contracted through NCIC Inmate Call Services. Inmates may make collect phone calls, or obtain other services from the commissary or online at www.ncic.com . The family member or loved one may also choose to set up a direct billing account. Schedule Visitation Jail Mail Policy Inmates have the ability to correspond with family and friends by mail, inmates can also receive mail from the same. If you would like to correspond with an inmate by mail, please use the address listed below. Inmates will not be allowed to correspond with other inmates whether in the same facility or another facility. Beginning on February 1st, 2024, all physical inmate mail, EXCEPT for legal and medical mail , must be mailed to the following address utilizing existing Creek County Sheriff's Office Jail mail rules. ALL legal and medical mail must be mailed to the Creek County Jail: Inmate Name Inmate ID# Creek County Jail PO BOX 591 Longview, Texas 75606 "WARNING" Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 for processing will NOT be returned or released. Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it will be destroyed. This includes pictures or anything else mailed to the processing facility. By sending the mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 you agree to the items being destroyed and understand that anything you mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 will not be returned or reimbursed for. No legal or medical mail will be accepted. All envelopes and mail must include the inmate name and Inmate ID# as well as a return address. Only mail that is within 8.5 inches wide x 11 inches tall will be accepted . Mail sent to inmates must contain NO MORE THAN 5 PAGES . Anything that is over 5 pages will NOT be scanned and sent to the inmate and will be returned to the sender. All mail that is scanned into the system will be scanned front side only. Do NOT write on the back of pages. Any mail with writing on the back will be returned to sender. Inmates may receive a maximum of 1 photo per mailing. If more than 1 photo is mailed, the entire letter and all its contents will all be returned to sender and nothing will be scanned in or delivered to the inmate. No legal or medical mail will be accepted. Legal and medical mail must be sent to the facility where the inmate is housed following the Creek County Sheriff's Office Mail Guidelines. No magazines, newspapers, bulk mail or books will be accepted at PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 and will be returned to sender. These items must be sent to the facility where the inmate is housed following the Creek County Sheriff's Office Mail Guidelines. There will be no exceptions for receiving mail that does follow the above guidelines. © Copyright 2026 Creek County Sheriff | All Rights Reserved Sheriff Websites