Fairfax County Sheriff's Office CONTACT A RECRUITER FAIRFAX COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE $15,000 Hiring Bonus - APPLY TODAY why FCSO FCSO employs a diverse group of men and women in the public safety profession Learn More opportunities At the FCSO, career opportunities are virtually limitless! Learn More recruiting 280 years of dedicated and professional service to the residents Learn More The primary mission of the Sheriff’s Office is to operate the Adult Detention Center; provide security for the courtrooms, courthouse and surrounding complex; and serve/execute civil law process on behalf of the courts. In addition to our core functions, the Sheriff’s Office is actively engaged with the diverse community we serve. SHERIFF Stacey Ann Kincaid MEET Stacey Learn More About Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office The Sheriff’s Office was created in 1742, at the same time Fairfax County was formed, and is now one of three public safety agencies responsible for the safety and well-being of the 1.1 million residents of Fairfax County. Sheriff Stacey A. Kincaid and her deputies also serves the 65,000 residents of the City of Fairfax and towns of Herndon and Vienna. The position of Sheriff is established by the Constitution of Virginia. At best count, there have been 77 sheriffs in Fairfax County since 1742, including Sheriff Kincaid. Though early sheriffs served for terms of two years, the people elect the current position every four years. The primary mission of the Sheriff’s Office is to operate the Adult Detention Center, provide security for the Fairfax County Courthouse and courtrooms, and serve/execute civil law process on behalf of the courts. In addition to our core functions, the Sheriff’s Office is actively engaged with the diverse community we serve by offering many opportunities to join teams that interact with the residents of Fairfax County, the City of Fairfax, and the towns of Herndon and Vienna. Learn More Recruiting Become a Deputy Learn More Confinement Learn More Court Services Learn More Civilian Nursing Positions Learn More Opportunities OPPORTUNITIES AT THE FAIRFAX COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE, CAREER OPPORTUNITIES ARE VIRTUALLY LIMITLESS! Explore Our Opportunities Contact a Recruiter First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Number (Required) Email (Required) Message “Benefits are one of my top interests in reference to employment in law enforcement. Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office has the best benefits in the entire state of Virginia.” “The reason why I joined the Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office was because of the professional reputation in the law enforcement community.” “I wanted to work for the Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office because I like the environment of the Adult Detention Center because it’s controlled.” JOIN OUR TEAM If you have strong communication skills, a willingness to learn and a belief in treating everyone with dignity and respect, I hope you will consider joining our team. Apply Now! Fairfax County Sheriff. All Rights Reserved. CONTACT US Privacy Policy Sitemap Website design and development by Ironistic Contact A FCSO Recruiter Enter your information and a recruiter will contact you soon. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. CLOSE