Sheriff's Department | Sheboygan County Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Font Size: + - Purpose Statement To protect and serve the citizens of our community by reducing fear, crime and disorder. Values P rofessionalism - We are committed to the highest level. R espect - We will treat others with dignity and compassion. I ntegrity - We hold ourselves accountable to the highest level of honesty, truthfulness and ethical conduct. D edication - We are faithful to the law, our community, each other and our families. E mployee Value - Our employees are our most valuable resource. PRIDE will be the word we use to remember our values, because our values all start with pride in our work, our lives and our community. Important Information Fingerprint and DNA Submittal Information Sheriff's Office Online Auction Site The Sheriff's Office does NOT accept fireworks, gun powder, etc. Please dispose of these items at a private agency that accepts hazardous materials. The Sheriff's Office maintains property/evidence for incidents that have occurred in the Sheriff's Office jurisdiction. If you have questions pertaining to property/evidence from incidents that have occurred at the following agencies, please contact that agency directly: Sheboygan Police Department: 920-459-3333 MEG (Drug Unit): 920-467-5193 Plymouth Police Department: 920-893-6541 Sheboygan Falls Police: 920-467-7902 Free viewers are required for some of the attached documents. They can be downloaded by clicking on the icons below. Download Acrobat Reader Download Windows Media Player Download Word Viewer Download Excel Viewer Download PowerPoint Viewer Sheriff Matt Spence Liaison Committee Law Committee Location Law Enforcement Center 525 North 6th Street Sheboygan, WI 53081 Phone (920) 459-3111 Fax (920) 459-4305 Use of Force Policy Annual Report Record Custodian Matt Spence News No recent news. Events No upcoming events. Aging and Disability Resource Center (ADRC) Sheboygan County, WI Contact Us ADA Compliance Statement Website Design by Granicus - Connecting People and Government