Concealed Carry Registration / Fingerprinting / Sexual Predator Notification - Sheriff Skip to content Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock Locked padlock icon ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the . gov website . Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites . Concealed Carry Registration / Fingerprinting / Sexual Predator Notification Department Menu Home Mission Statement Sheriff’s Jail Roster Phone Directory Driving Directions About The Sheriff Chief Deputy Central Communications Division Administrative Support Services Division Community Liaison Corrections Division Inmate Programming Inmate Visiting Visiting Attire WITTS WITTS 4-1-1 Concealed Carry Registration / Fingerprinting / Sexual Predator Notification Court Services Division Detective Bureau Employment Opportunities Explorers Program History of Sheriff’s Office History of the Jail Hiring Anniversaries Marine Patrol Most Wanted Road Patrol Division SCRAM SCRAM FORM Sex Offenders Sheriff’s Sales Attorney’s office Information Foreclosures Special Weapons & Tactics (SWAT) Ohio Victim’s Rights Press Releases Fraud Schemes 84 N. State St.(side entrance) Painesville, Ohio 44077 (440)350-5858 Concealed Handgun License, Fingerprinting, Background Checks Concealed Handgun Licensing (CHL) Individuals who wish to apply for a Concealed Handgun License may do so by clicking this link to schedule a required appointment, Schedule Appointment . Hours of operation are: Monday thru Thursday 7:40am-4:00pm (Closed between 12-1) The applicant must be at least 21 years of age when applying and bring the following information when they come in for their appointment. Failure to provide any of the below documentation at the applicants scheduled time may delay the process or the appointment maybe canceled. First Time applicants need the following: Completed current application. Original or copy of training certificate OR credentials mentioned below for active duty or honorably discharged veterans. Current Ohio Driver’s License or Ohio State ID, or any other current government issued identification. You DO NOT need a passport photo as our Office will take the photo at the time of your appointment (no additional fee) Renewals will need the following: Completed current application. Current Ohio Driver’s License or Ohio State ID or any other current government issued identification. Concealed Handgun License (Valid or Expired) from any county in the State of Ohio OR original training certificate. You may renew ANYTIME before the CHL permit expires and ANYTIME after the CHL permit expires without taking another course. Fees (Non-Refundable): ACTIVE DUTY OR HONORABLY DISCHARGED MILITARY VETERANS ARE AT NO COST FOR FIRST TIME APPLICATION OR RENEWALS AS LONG AS THE STATE OF OHIO HAS FUNDS AVAILABLE OUT OF THE $1.5 MILLION THAT IS FUNDED EVERY YEAR ON NOVEMBER 5 th .ACTIVE DUTY MILITARY APPPLICANT MUST SHOW CURRENT IDENTIFICATION SHOWING AN ACTIVE STATUS AND HONORABLY DISCHARGED VETERANS MUST PROVIDE A COPY OF THEIR DD214 THAT INDICATES HONORABLY DISCHARGED. First time applicant, Ohio resident for 5 or more years: $67.00 First time applicant, Ohio resident for less than 5 years: $78.25 Renewals, Ohio resident for 5 or more years: $50.00 Renewals, Ohio resident for less than 5 years: $61.25 Emergency, Ohio resident for 5 or more years: $37.00 Emergency, Ohio resident for less than 5 years: $48.25. Replacement for lost/stolen license a police report must be filed and brought in with you: $15.00 fee. Change of address: If you would like to change your address in our computer system and not receive another card you may fill this form and email or mail it to our office. CHANGE OF ADDRESS FORM EMAIL If you would like to receive a new card, then you must appear in our office and the fee is $15.00 Money Order Following methods of payment that are accepted for CHL are: CASH, MONEY ORDER are only forms of payment accepted. Only Lake, Geauga, Ashtabula and Cuyahoga Counties may apply for a CHL through the Lake County Sheriff’s Office.New applications, renewals and temporary application forms can be downloaded from the link below or filled out at your appointment time, https://www.ohioattorneygeneral.gov/Files/Forms/Forms-for-Law-Enforcement/Concealed-Carry-License-and-Renewal-Application.aspx The Sheriff’s Office has up to 45 days for processing of your application. Upon processing completion, you will be contacted by phone and advised that your license is ready for pick up, unless the applicant signed a waiver and provided a self-addresses envelope with two forever stamps . You will be contacted in writing by certified mail should your application be denied. Any questions you may have concerning a Temporary Emergency Permit can be directed to Lake County Sheriff’s CHL Office at 440-350-5676 during normal business hours and afterhours may contact the Lake County Records Division 440-350-5620. Only person(s) residing in Lake County can apply for a Temporary Emergency Permit with our office. Electronic Background Checks (not for concealed handgun licensing) If you are coming to have a Webcheck or Fingerprinting obtained these will still be taken on a walk-in basis. If you are coming in for a Webcheck for employment, please know where the background results are being mailed to and a have photo identification. The fees are as follows: BCI- $40.00 FBI- $40.00 Note: If you need both BCI and FBI- $80.00 Following methods of payment that are accepted for Electronic Backgroud Checks are: CASH, MONEY ORDER are only forms of payment accepted. Ohio Concealed Carry Disqualifying Factors Regarding the State of Ohio Application for License to Carry a Concealed Handgun, it is the intention of the Ohio Legislature that this law (RC 2923.125) is compliant with the National Instant Criminal Background check system. This system of checks contains disqualifiers not specifically enumerated in Section III and/or IV of the application. If a disqualifier is found, your application will be denied. If you have any PENDING indictment or criminal charges for: Any FELONY offense. Any DRUG offense. Any misdemeanor of VIOLENCE (i.e. Assault, Aggravated Menacing, Menacing by Stalking, Menacing, Inciting Violence, Riot, Inducing Panic, Domestic Violence). Negligent Assault Including Complicity or Attempt to Commit any of the above offenses. If you have any CONVICTIONS/JUVENILE ADJUDICATIONS ANYTIME in the past for: Any FELONY offense. Any DRUG offense (except for Minor Misdemeanor Drug Possession or Minor Misdemeanor Drug Paraphernalia offenses after 1 year from conviction date). Assault on a Peace Officer. A conviction/juvenile adjudication for Domestic Violence, or a guilty or no contest plea to a lesser charge in which physical force was present. Including Complicity or Attempt to Commit any of the above offenses. If you have any CONVICTIONS/JUVENILE ADJUDICATIONS within the past ONE year for: Minor Misdemeanor Drug possession or Minor Misdemeanor Drug Paraphernalia. If you have any CONVICTIONS/JUVENILE ADJUDICATIONS within the past THREE years for: Misdemeanor of VIOLENCE (except for Resisting Arrest or Assault on a Peace Officer – see above and below for these offenses). If you have any CONVICTIONS/JUVENILE ADJUDICATIONS within the past FIVE years for: TWO or more convictions/juvenile adjudications for Assault or Negligent Assault. If you have any CONVICTIONS/JUVENILE ADJUDICATIONS within the past TEN years for: Resisting Arrest. Including Complicity or Attempt to Commit any of the above offenses. If you are the subject of any ACTIVE civil protection orders, temporary protection order, or similar protection order from any state. If you are under disability (ORC 2923.13), a fugitive from justice, drug dependent, adjudicated mental incompetence, or chronic alcoholic. You cannot be an unlawful user of or addicted to any controlled substance as defined in the federal Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). Be advised that marijuana is listed in the federal Controlled Substances Act as a Schedule I controlled substance and there are no exceptions in federal law for marijuana used for medicinal purposes, even if such use is sanctioned by state law. Therefore, if you are legally using medical marijuana under the Ohio Medical Marijuana Control Program (MMCP), you may be prohibited from carrying a concealed handgun under federal law. You must not have been charged with falsifying a concealed carry application or have a revoked concealed carry license in Ohio or any other state. You must not have an active SUSPENSION of a concealed carry license in Ohio or any other state. You must be 21 years of age or older. You must not have been committed to a mental institution. You must not have been discharged from the military under DISHONORABLE CONDITIONS. You must not have renounced your United States Citizenship. If you have had your criminal record sealed or expunged that prior conviction/adjudication can not be taken in consideration. _________________________________________________________________ Effective June of 2022 Constitutional Carry (S.B.215) went into effect, which essentially makes concealed Handgun Licenses optional in the State of Ohio. To utilize Constitutional Carry you must be a “Qualified Adult” as defined under 2923.111 of the Ohio Revised Code, https://codes.ohio.gov/ohio-revised-code/section-2923.111 . If your criminal history does not meet the strict guidelines of obtaining a Concealed Handgun License in the State of Ohio, then you are not considered to be a Qualified Adult. CONSTITUTIONAL CARRY INFORMATION As Sheriff of Lake County and a supporter of the second amendment I understand the importance of your rights of self-protection and sporting purposes. I continue to encourage all firearm owners, new or seasoned, to consider attending firearm courses for safety and proficiency. Taking a course will help you understand the laws with self-defense, encounters with law enforcement and numerous other firearm/safety topics. We are seeing several individuals who believe that they understand the laws and exercise their right to Constitutional Carry and end up being charged criminally, which could affect their gun ownership. While the State of Ohio does have Constitutional Carry there are still several benefits from obtaining a Concealed Handgun License. One benefit to obtaining a Concealed Handgun License is the ability to carry in the other states and territories that Ohio has reciprocity agreements. A lack of a permit may not permit you to carry in other states. Another benefit when you have a concealed handgun license it may speed up the process when purchasing a firearm as the sheriff’s office already conducted the background checks. While there are numerous changes in the laws over the years for concealed carry, one of the changes is that when someone is approached by law enforcement they must be truthful when asked by law enforcement officer if they are in possession or transporting a firearm. If you find yourself in an interaction with law enforcement that you voluntarily inform the officer prior to being asked if you are carrying or in possession of a firearm, as this is for everyone’s safety. Sheriff Frank Leonbruno