Holmes County Sheriff's Office REPORT A CRIME PROUDLY SERVING HOLMES COUNTY Learn More WHO WE ARE The Holmes County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency, an arm of the courts, and the custodial keeper of those who break the law. It is the mission of the Holmes County Sheriff's Office to protect the lives and property of the citizens of Holmes County, to preserve the peace, and to prevent crime and disorder while constantly guarding personal liberties as prescribed by law. This must be done with honor and integrity, conducting ourselves with the highest ethical standards to maintain public confidence. The sheriff’s office employs approximately 56 people, and the men and women of our various divisions strive to uphold the great honor of serving the citizens of this county. Ohio law mandates that the office provides for law enforcement, court security, service of papers, jail operations, extradition process, and the transportation of prisoners. The sheriff’s office also maintains full police jurisdiction in all the municipalities, villages, and townships within Holmes County. MEET THE SHERIFF Sheriff Timothy W. Zimmerly As Sheriff of Holmes County, I would like to welcome you to our website. This website will provide you with an overview of the various services and functions the Holmes County Sheriff’s Office performs, while also providing the resources and tools you are looking for. It is with tremendous pride that I serve as your Sheriff, and I sincerely hope that you view our department as your partner in maintaining the welfare of our community. As the Chief Law Enforcement Officer in Holmes County, it is my duty and commitment to responsibly and diligently serve the citizens of this county. Learn More HOW WE SERVE Welcome and thank you for visiting the official website of the Holmes County Sheriff’s Office. As we continuously seek out new ways to enhance the public’s accessibility to our office and assorted services, this site has been designed with our citizens in mind. It is our desire to improve our ability to reach the public using technology to increase the speed, accuracy, and availability of law enforcement data that is so vital in today's information driven world. Within this website you will find a breakdown of our organization, services we offer, employment information, our history, safety tips, and many other helpful resources designed to keep you informed. Please visit our website regularly and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to stay informed. Stay up to date on the latest news from the Holmes County Sheriff's Office Report a non-emergency crime or crime tip quickly and securely View upcoming real estate Sheriff sales within Holmes County. Find informaton about visitation schedules and rules and regulations. OUR OFFICERS Get to know the men and women who proudly serve within the Holmes County Sheriff's Office. Our team is made up of highly skilled and dedicated officers who serve and protect the communities, cities, villages, and families who call Holmes County their home. Timothy W. Zimmerly Sheriff Richard Haun Chief Deputy Chris Schonauer Sergeant, Child Support Division Inez Strouse Lieutenant, Correction Division Meet Our Entire Staff LATEST NEWS If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges. Press Release: Apparent Accidental Shooting By Holmes County Sheriff's Office • June 12, 2024 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Apparent Accidental Shooting Under Investigation by the Holmes County Sheriff's Office Press Release: Bomb Threat Under Investigation By Holmes County Sheriff's Office • May 24, 2024 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Bomb Threat at the Walnut Hills Retirement and Nursing Facility Under Investigation by the Holmes County Sheriff's Office Show More JOIN THE HOLMES COUNTY SHERIFF If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges. Career Interest Name: Email: Phone: Area of Interest: Message: Thank you for contacting us. We will get back to you as soon as possible. Oops, there was an error sending your message. Please try again later. SUBMIT A TIP Do you have information that can help us solve a crime? The people that know more about Holmes County is its residents. You may have information that will help the Holmes County Sheriff's Ofﬁce solve a crime, save a person's life, or simply make our county a safer more enjoyable place to live. Do not use this form to notify us of a current crime. Please call 911 or (330) 674-1936. Submit a Tip Download Our App Button Button © 2026 All Rights Reserved | Holmes County Sheriff's Office Contact Info 8105 Township Rd 574, Holmesville, OH 44633 (330) 674-1936 Useful Links Contact Us Name Email Address Message Thank you for contacting us. We will get back to you as soon as possible Oops, there was an error sending your message. Please try again later Back to top Share by: