Sheriff - Coroner | Mono County California Skip to main content Mono County California’s Eastern Sierra Search form Search Sheriff - Coroner Sheriff - Coroner Welcome to the Mono County Sheriff's Office Our site provides information about the services we provide and links to related websites. The Mono County Sheriff’s Office provides law enforcement services for the people of Mono County. We patrol over 3,300 square miles of beautiful and rugged country by car, snowmobile, ATV, boat, horse and foot. We also maintain the jail, provide coroner services, court security, civil processes and Search and Rescue. We strive to maintain a high quality of life and a true sense of safety for the people who live, work, and visit Mono County. Read more Social Media For more information on the Mono County Sheriff's Office and to get up-to-date information, "like" our Facebook page and "follow" us on Instagram ! Read more Sheriff's Office Policies As required by California law, our policies and procedures are linked here. Read more Report A Crime The people that know the most about a neighborhood are its residents. Crimes are solved every day because concerned citizens notify the Department about illegal activity. You may have information that will help the Mono County Sheriff's Office solve a crime, save a person’s life or simply make your neighborhood a safer and more enjoyable place to live. Please take a minute to fill out and submit this form so that we can address the problems in your community. Read more No Shooting Zones */ /*-->*/ Read more ReadyMono Emergency Management ReadyMono Emergency Management What is the ReadyMono Emergency Alert System and why is this system important to me? Mono County utilizes what is known as the ReadyMono Emergency Alert System when a critical incident or emergency situation takes place within the county. We use this system to notify the entire county or specific areas within the county of important information. Read more About Department History Mission Statement Sheriff's Office Photo Gallery Divisions Administration Undersheriff Clint Dohmen Boating Enforcement Civil Unit Coroner Emergency Services Investigations Jail Mono County Jail (Under Construction) Annual Review Mounted Patrol OHV Patrol Property and Evidence School Resource Officer Search and Rescue Resources ReadyMono Emergency Alert System Citizen RIMS Livescan Fingerprinting Report a Crime Megan's Law VINE - California State Victim Notification System No Shooting Zones Court Services Citizen's Comments Association Contracts Links CCW Media Press Releases Pack Fire Local Assistance Center-Press Release Previous Press Releases Social Media Jobs Correctional Deputy Deputy Sheriff Volunteer Court Screener Contact Us Bridgeport / Main Office Crowley Lake Sub-Station Department Email Contacts June Lake Sub-Station Report a Crime Superior Court of CA Mono County Sheriff's Office Policies No Shooting Zones Records Citizen RIMS Contact Information For Emergencies call 911 Dispatch (760) 932-7549 ext. 7 Sheriff Department Press Releases Subscribe to Sheriff Department Press Releases by email E-mail * Home Contact Us Sitemap Staff Login a municode design