Sheriff | Denton County, TX Skip to Main Content Public Notice Independence Day - Office Closure View County Holiday Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Bureaus / Divisions Home Your County Departments R - Z Sheriff Sheriff Public Notice The only approved methods for requesting public information through the Denton County Sheriff’s Office is by: a. Sending a written request via the United States Postal Service addressed to DCSO Records Division, 127 N. Woodrow Lane, Denton, Texas 76205; b. Electronic mail to so.orr@dentoncounty.gov ; c. Hand delivery of a written request to DCSO Records Division located at 127 N. Woodrow Lane, Denton, Texas 76205, or; d. Electronic submission through the Denton County Sheriff’s Office website GovQA portal . Title VI Title VI-Civil Rights (English) Title VI-Civil Rights (Spanish) Welcome to the Denton County Sheriff’s Office website. Our goal is to provide citizens and visitors with quick and easy access to information about this office, the departments within the Sheriff’s Office, and the Denton County Jail. Thank you, Sheriff Tracy Murphree Sheriff’s Responsibilities The office of Sheriff is constitutionally created office with responsibilities prescribed by the legislature (Tex. Const. Art. V section 23). The sheriff is the chief law enforcement officer for the county and is responsible for: Operating the county jails Investigating crimes Making arrests Enforcing traffic regulations on county roads Serving writs Seizing property after judgment Maintaining communications with other law enforcement organizations Jurisdiction & Staff The sheriff has countywide jurisdiction; however, most sheriffs’ departments concentrate their activities outside city limits where municipal officers cannot operate. Like all county department heads, the sheriff appoints his own personnel and in large counties may have a substantial staff and budget. The sheriff is elected every four years and is responsible for security in both the county and district courts. Bail Bond Policy The sheriff also sets bail bond policy for the county except where there is a Bail Bond Board which establishes the rules and regulations for making bail by bondsmen. Join Our Team - Now Hiring /QuickLinks.aspx Contact Us Tracy Murphree Sheriff Contact Sheriff Tracy Murphree Sheriff Contact the Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 127 N Woodrow Lane Law Enforcement Center Denton , TX 76205-6397 127 N Woodrow Lane Law Enforcement Center Denton TX 76205-6397 Directions Phone: 940-349-1600 Fax: 940-349-1604 Emergency Phone: 911 Additional Phone: 972-434-5500 Additional Fax: 972-434-5020 View additional helpful phone numbers . Directory Elections Judicial Records Public Health Economic Development Bill Payments Notify Me® 1 Courthouse Drive Denton, TX 76208 Phone Directory Commissioners Court Development Services Economic Development Facilities Public Health Tax Assessor/Collector /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow