Sheriff's Office | Hunterdon County, NJ Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Frederick W. Bro wn, Hunterdon County Sheriff Sheriff Frederick W. Brown is a lifelong resident of Hunterdon County. After graduating from Hunterdon Central Regional High School he served for seven years in the U.S. Naval Reserve. He was hired as a Patrolman with the Raritan Township Police Department. During his thirty one years with Raritan Township he worked his way up through the ranks and served seven years as Chief of Police. He currently lives with his wife Pamela in Alexandria Township. He served on the Raritan Township Planning Board for many years. He was also the Emergency Management Coordinator for Raritan Township. He was a member and past President of the Flemington Rotary, a member and past President of the Hunterdon County Association of Chiefs of Police, a member of the State Chiefs Association. He is a life member of the National Rifle Association (NRA). He is also a member of the Sheriffs Association of New Jersey, the National Sheriffs' Association and the Constitutional Officers Association of New Jersey. In his first political endeavor he was elected Hunterdon County Sheriff in 2010. He intends to "do more with less" and to have the Sheriff's Office be known for helping other agencies and the public. His door is always open and his phone is always on. Duties & Responsibilities As an elected officer and a constitutional officer, the Hunterdon County Sheriff's responsibilities are quite diverse and governed by statute. The Sheriff's staff includes undersheriffs, a chief warrant officer, sworn police officers (sheriff's officers), civilian security guards, and civilian office employees. Security The Sheriff's Office provides security for the Hunterdon County Justice Center and its occupants. These include Superior Court judges, their staffs, other court personnel, the probation department, and the Hunterdon County Prosecutor's Office. Correctional Services The Sheriff's Office is also responsible for prisoner transportation to and from the Hunterdon County Correctional Facility, between counties within the state and from outside New Jersey. Prisoner transports are not only for Superior Court purposes, but also for municipal courts, extraditions, medical emergencies and appointments. Additionally, defendants arrested on Hunterdon County warrants in other jurisdictions are retrieved from other counties and from other states by the Sheriff's Office. Moreover, the Sheriff's Office conducts prisoner escorts to and from court for scheduled appearances, ranging from bail hearings and status conferences to trials and sentencing. Service Orders Non-support and violation of probation warrant service is a significant function of the Office of the Sheriff, as is the service of domestic violence "temporary" and "final" restraining orders. Civil warrants, writs of execution, levies on and postings of property, and the sale of real property after foreclosure proceedings are functions that most people associate with the Sheriff. Programs The Hunterdon County Sheriff's Office is very active in many citizen programs, such as Project Lifesaver , the Child ID Program , as well as many other service programs . Current Sheriff Hunterdon's current Sheriff is Fredrick W. Brown who was elected to Office in 2010. Learn more about Sheriff Brown . 1 Fugitive Task Force 2 Hope One 3 Hunterdon County Sheriff's Home Detention Program 4 Inmate Population Report 5 Pink Patch Project 6 Project Lifesaver 7 Scam Alert (PDF) 8 Sheriff's Labor Assistance Program 9 Sheriff's Sales Contact Us Frederick W. Brown Hunterdon County Sheriff County Sheriff's Office Email Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 71 Main Street Building 1, 1st Floor Flemington , NJ 08822 71 Main Street Building 1, 1st Floor Flemington NJ 08822 Directions Mailing Address PO Box 2900 Flemington , NJ 08822 Phone 908-788-1166 Fax 908-806-4624 Emergency Phone 911 Hours 8:30 am to 4:30 pm America's Most Wanted DARE Website Drug Free America Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Grand Lodge Fraternal Order of Police View All /QuickLinks.aspx Secure Login - Alcotest Login to Sheriff Secure . Agendas & Minutes Employment Parks & Recreation Road Closures County Clerk County of Hunterdon 71 Main Street, PO Box 2900 Flemington, New Jersey 08822 Department Phone Directory Email the County County Clerk Elections OPRA (Open Public Records Act) Commissioner Meeting Agenda Sheriff HCLife - Employee Portal /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow