Strafford County Sheriff's Office – New Hampshire – Kathryn L. Mone, Sheriff Contact Us 259 County Farm Road, Suite 105 Dover, New Hampshire 03820 Non-Emergency (603) 516-2280 Emergency Sheriff Kathryn L. Mone Skip to content Welcome to the Strafford County Sheriff’s Office 259 County Farm Road, Suite 105 Dover, New Hampshire 03820 Normal business hours are Monday through Friday 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM In case of EMERGENCY dial 911 . Non Emergency: (603)742-4960 Fax: (603)516-2280 IF YOU HAVE ANY INFORMATION ABOUT A PAST OR FUTURE CRIME, YOU CAN LEAVE AN ANONYMOUS TIP ON OUR TIP LINE AT (603) 605-6475. Please be patient as we work on our new virtual home. Manage Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent