Worcester County Sheriff's Office – Proud to Protect, Ready to Serve join our team! CAREER OPPORTUNITIES COMPLAINTS & COMPLIMENTS CONTACT US KEEP INFORMED! CALLS FOR SERVICE News Release Snow Hill, Maryland – Woman Pleads Guilty Following Large-Scale Animal Cruelty Investigation in Worcester County – On June 10, 2025, members of the Worcester County Sheriff’s Office, Worcester County Bureau of Investigation, and Worcester County Animal Control, with assistance from the Worcester County State’s Attorney’s Office, executed a search and seizure warrant at a residence in Snow Hill, Maryland VIDEO LINK News Release Download Message From The Sheriff I want to take a moment to reaffirm our unwavering commitment to securing the boundaries of Worcester County. As your Sheriff, I am dedicated to continuing to foster a community where safety, trust, and cooperation are our top priorities. We value our partnership with all our community stakeholders. I want to thank our residents who reach out to provide valuable information to us, so we can solve criminal behaviors. We believe a unified approach to upholding the rule of law is imperative. Public safety is a shared responsibility, and it is only through strong partnerships between law enforcement and our residents that we can create a safer and more cohesive community. My team and I are committed to transparency, accountability, and ensuring that every individual feels heard and valued. This is a critical component of community trust. I am proud to live in such a dynamic community. We will continue working diligently to reduce crime, respond to concerns, and build meaningful relationships with those we serve, you, our valued residents and visitors. Whether through community programs, proactive law enforcement initiatives, or open dialogues, our goal remains the same, to uphold justice, hold those who commit crimes in our community to be held accountable, and protect Worcester County, and promote a culture of respect and collaboration. I encourage you to stay engaged, share your concerns, and join us in our mission to make our community the best place to live, work and enjoy our lives. Together, we will make a difference. Through collaboration, we will continue to improve our county each day. Thank you for your continued trust and support. Sincerely, Sheriff Matt Crisafulli Latest News See More News and Updates GET MORE UPDATES ON OUR FACEBOOK PAGE SIGN UP FOR OUR APP Learn about Worcester's CHILD ADVOCACY CENTER