Sheriff's Office | Kenosha County, WI - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Home Departments Law Enforcement Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Kenosha County Sheriff’s Office Welcome, and thank you for visiting the Kenosha County Sheriff’s Office. We hope you find the information you are looking for within these pages. The Kenosha County Sheriff’s Office is a full-service agency serving a diverse and growing community. As one of the larger agencies in Wisconsin, we provide comprehensive public safety services, including patrol, court operations, and the management of two large detention facilities. We are proud of our employees and their commitment to carrying out this mission with professionalism, accountability, and dedication to the people we serve. Your Sheriff, David W. Zoerner Support the K-9 Unit Fundraiser To support and donate to the Kenosha County Sheriff's Office’s K-9 Unit , please click on the donate button. Donate to the K-9 Unit All donations will be used only for K-9 Unit expenses and will not be used for any other expenses. Please note that promotional items are not given for online donations at this time. If you would like to receive a promotional item for your donation of $20.00 or more, please visit us in person at the Sheriff's Office's front counter in the Public Safety Building. Thank you very much for your donation, our K-9’s greatly appreciate your support! Mission Provide high quality professional law enforcement and detentions services to our community. Vision Work proactively with our community and law enforcement partners to provide excellent services while working in a trustworthy, transparent, and committed manner. Values Contact Us David W. Zoerner Sheriff Sheriff's Office Contact the Public Information Officer Physical Address 1000 55th Street Kenosha , WI 53140 Phone: 262-605-5100 Fax: 262-605-5130 Emergency Phone: 911 Our email form is not a mailbox monitored for emergency situations. In an emergency, call 911. For non-emergency dispatch needs, please call 262-656-1234. For building tours, please call 262-605-5133. Annual Reports 2025 Annual Report (PDF) Past Annual Reports County Executive Samantha Kerkman 1010 56th Street | Kenosha, WI 53140 County Directory Listing Social Media Photo Credit Site Map Terms of Use /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow