New Mail Policy - Talbot County, Maryland New Mail Policy As of July 2, 3023 all non-legal inmate mail must be sent to the following address: Talbot County Detention Center Inmate Name, Inmate ID Number Facility ID Number: 5303 PO Box 18247 Greensboro, NC 27419 The envelope must include the Facility Name, Inmate Name, Inmate ID number and the Facility ID or the mail will not be scanned. The Facility ID for the Talbot County Detention Center is 5303. MAIL REQUIREMENTS AND RESTRICTIONS: NO case, personal checks or money orders mailed to the mail processing center. Mail must be 10 pages or less per envelope Page size must be no larger than 8.5" x 11" Mail can include written or typed pages, photos, drawings or greeting cards (NO Polaroid photos) NO glitter, glue, tape, 3D elements, or electronic components (lights, music, animation) NO items containing, depicting or relating to sexually explicit activity, gang activity, illegal activity, violence, drug or alcohol use, etc. NO photos of nude or partially clothed persons NO illegal substances or any other items considered to be contraband NO magazines, books or packages mailed to mail processing center. NO publications of any kind. NO originals of important documents or photos such as Birth Certificates, Driver's License, Social Security Cards, Green Cards, etc. as they will not be returned. Mail meeting these requirements will be scanned and can be accessed by the inmate via the inmate tablet. Physical mail will be destroyed. All scanned mail containing materials considered illegal or breaches of security will be turned over to the proper authorities for investigation. Any threats of criminal activity will not be permitted in any correspondence and may result in criminal charges. LEGAL MAIL/PRIVILEGED MAIL/MONEY ORDERS: Do not mail legal/privileged mail or money orders to the mall processing center. Legal mail must be mailed directly to the facility. Legal mail must be marked on the envelope as "Legal Mail" and will be opened by the inmate in the presence of facility staff. Address legal mail as follows: Talbot County Detention Center Inmate Name, Inmate ID Number 115 West Dover St. #1 Easton, MD 21601 SCANNED MAIL AFTER RELEASE: After release, an inmate can request digital copies of his or her scanned mail. Submit the request to Captain Joseph Hughes ( jhughes@talbgov.org ). The request must include: Talbot County Detention Center Inmate Name, Inmate's ID Number jhughes@talbgov.org Once the information is verified, an email with a link to download the postal scans will be sent to the email address provided in the request. The fastest way to communicate with an inmate is by phone or messaging. The inmate communications provider is PayTel Communications. To set up an account with PayTel, visit www.paytel.com or call 1-800-PAY-TELL. Page last modified Monday, August 14, 2023 1:16:50 PM Employment Time Clock Employee Self Services * Employment Opportunities Employment Application Stay Connected Facebook LinkedIn Emergency Text Alerts Subscribe to Newsletter Helpful Links News and Updates Calendar Talbot County Meeting Videos Flood Information Permits and Planning Self Services Social Media Policy