Sheriff | Kalamazoo County, MI Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Elected Officials Sheriff Sheriff Gov. Whitmer Announces Operation Safe Neighborhoods Reaches New Milestone Today, Governor Whitmer announced nearly 950 illegal guns have been taken off the streets as part of Operation Safe Neighborhoods. Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office serves as the primary law enforcement agency for over 105,000 residents, covering more than 500 square miles. Key services include: County Jail Operations: Managing inmate populations. Road Patrols: Preventing crime, responding to calls for service, and enforcing the laws of the State of Michigan Marine Patrols: Ensuring safety on county lakes and rivers. Trail Patrols: Monitoring off-road vehicle and snowmobile trails. Court Security: Providing security for Kalamazoo County Courts. Specialized Units: Participating in the regional Critical Response Team and the Southwest Drug Enforcement Team. Our mission is to protect the lives and property of Kalamazoo County residents by: Enforcing state laws and local ordinances. Investigating crimes with professionalism, integrity, and courtesy. Detaining prisoners in a humane and respectful manner. Collaborating with criminal justice agencies and the community to enhance quality of life and ensure equal protection under state and federal constitutions. Divisions of the Sheriff's Office The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office operates through three primary divisions: Operations Division: Handles law enforcement, patrol, and response activities. Jail Division: Manages the County Jail, housing an average of 400 inmates daily. Support Division: Provides essential administrative and logistical support for the department. Each division is led by a Captain, supported by Lieutenants or Administrators, and frontline operations are supervised by Sergeants. Message from the Sheriff "I am proud of the dedicated individuals who work and volunteer at the Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office. Their commitment to keeping our community safe is unmatched, and I thank them for their fine work and service." — Richard C. Fuller III , Sheriff Impartial Policing Policy The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office strictly prohibits racial or biased-based policing. Officers are trained annually to prevent such practices. What is Prohibited? Using race, ethnicity, national origin, gender, or religion as the sole basis for initiating enforcement actions is not allowed. These factors may only be used alongside other identifying information as part of a specific individual description. Filing a Complaint: Anyone who believes they have been subjected to racial or biased-based policing can file a complaint: In Person: Visit the Sheriff's Office. By Phone: Call 269-383-8751. Online: Use the web form to contact the Sheriff or an on-duty supervisor. All complaints are thoroughly investigated, and a written disposition is provided to the individual upon completion. Kalamazoo Silent Observer Jail Inmate Lookup Sex Offender Search Accident Reports Prison Inmate Lookup /QuickLinks.aspx Contact Us Office of the Sheriff Email the Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 1500 Lamont Ave. Kalamazoo , MI 49048 1500 Lamont Ave. Kalamazoo MI 49048 Directions Phone: Non-Emergency Dispatch: 269-488-8911 Emergency Phone: 911 Additional Contact Information Administration Phone Number: 269-383-8821 Get Involved Elections & Voting Parks & Expo Center 201 W. Kalamazoo Ave. Kalamazoo, MI 49007 Phone: 269-384-8111 Email the County Office Hours Monday through Friday 8 AM to 4:30 PM Employment Jury Duty & Court Info Meetings, Agendas & Minutes Property Search Public Records (FOIA) Vital Records & Deeds /QuickLinks.aspx Employee Intranet Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Site Map /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow