U.S. Department of Justice 
 Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 
 
P R O G R A M   S T A T E M E N T  
OPI   CPD/CPB 
NUMBER P5266.11 
DATE  November 9, 2011 
 
 
Incoming Publications 
 
 
 /s/ 
Approved: Thomas R. Kane 
Acting Director, Federal Bureau of Prisons 
 
 
1.  PURPOSE AND SCOPE 
 
 540.70 Purpose and scope.  
 
Except when precluded by statute (see 
  540.72), the Bureau of Prisons permits an 
inmate to subscribe to or to receive publications without prior approval and has 
established procedures to determine if an incoming publication is detrimental to 
the security, discipline, or good order of the institution or if it might facilitate 
criminal activity.  The term publication, as used in this subpart, means a book, 
booklet, pamphlet, or similar document, or a single issue of a magazine, 
periodical, newsletter, newspaper, plus such other materials addressed to a 
specific inmate such as advertising brochures, flyers, and catalogs.   
 
Section 7 of this Program Statement contains procedures to implement Sec. 615 of The 
Commerce, Justice, State Appropriations Act of 2000 (P.L. 106-113) (hereafter referred to as 
 the 
Ensign Amendment
 ).  
 
a.  Summary of Changes 
 
Policy Rescinded 
PS 5266.10    Incoming Publications (1/10/03)  
 
This revision updates references to the Ensign Amendment. 
 
 
Federal Regulations from 28 CFR are in bold type. 
Implementing instructions are in regular type.

P5266.11   11/9/2011   Federal Regulations from 28 CFR: this type.     Implementing instructions: this type. 2 
 
b. Program Objectives.  Expected results of this program are:  
 
 Inmates will be permitted to receive and retain publications that do not threaten the security, 
good order, or discipline of the institution, or that may facilitate criminal activity, or are 
otherwise prohibited by law. 
 Publications determined detrimental to the security, good order, or discipline of the institution 
or that may facilitate criminal activity, or are otherwise prohibited by law, will be excluded 
from Bureau facilities. 
 A safer environment for staff and inmates will be provided by strengthening procedures to 
prevent the introduction of contraband. 
 
c.  MCC/MDC/FDC/FTC Application.  Procedures in this Program Statement apply to 
Metropolitan Correctional Centers, Metropolitan Detention Centers, Federal Detention Centers, 
and Federal Transportation Centers, all of which are referred to as 
 administrative institutions
  for 
the purposes of this Program Statement. 
 
2.  PROCEDURES 
 
 540.71 Procedures. 
 
(a)(1)  At all Bureau institutions, an inmate may receive hardcover publications 
and newspapers only from the publisher, from a book club, or from a bookstore.   
 
The sender
 s address must be clearly identified on the outside of the package. 
 
(2)  At medium security, high security, and administrative institutions, an inmate 
may receive softcover publications (for example, paperback books, newspaper 
clippings, magazines, and other similar items) only from the publisher, from a 
book club, or from a bookstore.  
 
(3)  At minimum security and low security institutions, an inmate may receive 
softcover publications (other than newspapers) from any source. 
 
(4)  The Unit Manager may make an exception to the provisions of paragraphs  
(a)(1) and (2) of this section if the publication is no longer available from the 
publisher, book club, or bookstore.  The Unit Manager shall require that the 
inmate provide written documentation that the publication is no longer available 
from these sources.  The approval  of any request for an exception is to be 
documented, in writing, on an Authorization to Receive a Package which will be 
used to secure the item. 
 
(b)  The Warden may reject a publication only if it is determined detrimental to the 
security, good order, or discipline of the institution or if it might facilitate criminal 
activity.  The Warden may not reject a publication solely because its  content is

P5266.11   11/9/2011   Federal Regulations from 28 CFR: this type.     Implementing instructions: this type. 3 
religious, philosophical, political, social or sexual, or because its content is 
unpopular or repugnant.  Pub lications which may be rejected by a Warden 
include but are not limited to publications which meet one of the following criteria: 
 
(1)  It depicts or describes procedures for the construction or use of weapons, 
ammunition, bombs or incendiary devices; 
 
(2)  It depicts, encourages, or describes methods of escape from correctional 
facilities, or contains blueprints, drawings or similar descriptions of Bureau of 
Prisons institutions; 
 
(3)  It depicts or describes procedures for the brewing of alcoholic beverag es, or 
the manufacture of drugs; 
 
(4)  It is written in code;  
 
(5)  It depicts, describes or encourages activities which may lead to the use of 
physical violence or group disruption; 
 
(6)  It encourages or instructs in the commission of criminal activity;  
 
(7)  It is sexually explicit material which by its nature or content poses a threat to 
the security, good order, or discipline of the institution, or facilitates criminal 
activity. 
 
Only the Warden may reject an incoming publication.  In the Warden
 s absence, only the Acting 
Warden may perform this function. 
 
Section 3 of this Program Statement contains procedures for returning a publication under the 
Ensign Amendment.  In Section 3, 
 sexually explicit
  and 
 nudity
  are defined in terms of 
pictorial depictions only.  Publications not subject to return under Section 3 (for example, 
material that does not meet a definition in that section) may still be rejected under this section. 
 
To help staff determine which materials may pose the type of threat that warrants exclusion, the 
following guidelines are provided. 
 
A Warden may determine that sexually explicit material of the following types will be excluded, as 
potentially detrimental to the security and good order or discipline of the institution, or as 
facilitating criminal activity: 
 
 Sadomasochistic. 
 Bestiality. 
 Involving children. 
 
In addition:

P5266.11   11/9/2011   Federal Regulations from 28 CFR: this type.     Implementing instructions: this type. 4 
 
 The Warden must prohibit a sexually explicit publication if it is determined to pose a threat to 
the institution or is contrary to law.  Child pornography materials, which are  prohibited by 
law, are examples. 
 Sexually explicit material does not include material of a news or information type.  
Publications concerning research or opinions on sexual, health, or reproductive issues, or 
covering the activities of gay rights organizations or gay religious groups, for example, should 
be admitted unless they are otherwise a threat to legitimate institution interests. 
 Literary publications should not be excluded, solely because of homosexual themes or 
references, if they are not sexually explicit in a manner that threatens legitimate institution 
interests. 
 Sexually explicit material may be admitted if it has scholarly value, or general social or literary 
value. 
 
(c)  The Warden may not establish an excluded list of publications.  This means 
the Warden shall review the individual publication prior to the rejection of that 
publication.  Rejection of several issues of a subscription publication is not 
sufficient reason to reject the subscription publication in its entirety. 
 
(d)  Where a publication is found unacceptable, the Warden shall promptly advise 
the inmate in writing of the decision and the reasons for it.  The notice must 
contain reference to the specific article(s) or material(s) considered objectionable.  
The Warden shall permit the inmate an opportunity to review this material for 
purposes of filing an appeal under the Administrative Remedy Program unless 
such review may provide the inmate with information of a nature which is deemed 
to pose a threat or detriment to the security, good order or discipline of the 
institution or to encourage or instruct in criminal activity. 
 
In questionable cases, institution staff should consult legal staff. 
 
(e)  The Warden shall provide the publisher or sender of an unacceptable 
publication a copy of the rejection letter.  The Warden shall advise the publisher 
or sender that he may obtain an independent review of the rejection by writing to 
the Regional Director within 20 days of receipt of the rejection letter.  The Warden 
shall return the rejected publication to the publisher or sender of the material 
unless the inmate indicates an intent to file an appeal under the Administrative 
Remedy Program, in which case the Warden shall retain the rejected material at 
the institution for review.  In case of appeal, if the rejection is  sustained, the 
rejected publication shall be returned when appeal or legal use is completed. 
 
See BP-A0953, Notification to Inmate and Publisher/Sender of Rejected Publication, for a sample.  
 
The Warden will retain the rejected publication for 20 days from the date the inmate is sent written 
notification of the rejection.  The 20 -day period allows the inmate to file an appeal under the

P5266.11   11/9/2011   Federal Regulations from 28 CFR: this type.     Implementing instructions: this type. 5 
Administrative Remedy Program.  If he/she does not file within 20 days, the rejected publication 
may be returned to the publisher.   
 
If the inmate does file an appeal, the Warden will retain the rejected publication at the institution. 
The rejected publication (or the offensive portion of it) must be reviewed before a staff response is 
prepared for the BP-229, Request for Administrative Remedy or, when applicable, a BP-230, 
Regional Appeal of Administrative Remedy or BP-231, Central Office Appeal of Administrative 
Remedy, respectively.   
 
The Regional Office and Central Office should not respond to a BP-230 or BP-231 appeal without 
first reviewing either the rejected publication or a copy of the offensive portion of it. 
 
(f)  The Warden may set limits locally (for fire, sanitation, or housekeeping 
reasons) on the number or volume of publications an inmate may receive or retain 
in his quarters.  The Warden may authorize an inmate additional storage space for 
storage of legal materials in accordance with the Bureau of Prisons procedures on 
personal property of inmates. 
 
3.  STATUTORY RESTRICTIONS REQUIRING RETURN OF COMMERCIALLY 
PUBLISHED INFORMATION OR MATERIAL WHICH IS SEXUALLY EXPLICIT OR 
FEATURES NUDITY  
 
 540.72 Statutory restrictions requiring return of commercially published 
information or material which is sexually explicit or features nudity.   
 
Title 18 of the United States Code, Section 4042 note, states: 
  
“[N]one of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Federal Bureau of 
Prisons may be used to distribute or make available any commercially published 
information or material to a prisoner when it is made known to the Federal official 
having authority to obligate or expend such funds that such information or material is 
sexually explicit or features nudity." 
 
Procedures in this section affect publications received on or after August 28, 1999.  Publications 
authorized before that date will be retained and transferred per the Program Statement Inmate 
Personal Property. 
 
(a)  When commercially published information or material may not be distributed 
by staff or made available to inmates due to statutory restrictions (for example, a 
prohibition on the use of appropriated funds to distribute or make available to 
inmates information or material which is sexually explicit or features nudity), the 
Warden or designee shall return the information or material to the publisher or 
sender.  The Warden or designee shall advise the publisher or sender that an 
independent review of the decision may be obtained by writing to the Regional

P5266.11   11/9/2011   Federal Regulations from 28 CFR: this type.     Implementing instructions: this type. 6 
Director within 20 days of receipt of the notification letter.  Staff shall provide the 
inmate with written notice of the action. 
 
Mailroom staff will return publications found to be non-distributable on the basis of the definitions 
listed in subsection (b) below. The publications will be returned with the appropriate attachment. 
 
Ordinarily, the outside cover is used to assess content or the need for further review. 
 
Non-distributable publications will be returned to the sender or publisher with a BP-A0954, 
Notification to Publisher of Return of Publication.  The publications may be returned in bulk, 
annotating the number of returned copies. 
 
Materials extracted, photocopied, or clipped from such publications will also be returned to the 
sender with a BP-A0955, Notification to Sender of Return of Materials. 
 
Under subsection (a) of this section, there is no need to delay the return of non-distributable 
publications or materials even when an inmate appeals under the Administrative Remedy 
Program, because the statutory restriction on making the material available precludes any inmate 
review. 
 
Inmates will be notified via the BP-A0956, Notification to Inmate of Return of Publication or 
Materials. 
 
Although the publication or material is returned, the Warden will ensure a copy of the publication 
cover and one page of the banned information or material is copied and retained at the institution in 
case of a subsequent appeal by the inmate or publisher/sender.   
 
Inmates may use the Administrative Remedy Program to appeal return of materials.  However, as 
18 U.S.C. 4042 note prohibits the Bureau from distributing the material, inmates may not review 
copies of returned materials in connection with administrative remedy filings. 
 
Only one copy of the retained, statutorily prohibited information is to be retained by the Warden, 
even if the publication is mailed to several inmates: 
 
 For example, if the April 2009 publication of XYZ is mailed to 20 inmates, that publication 
cannot be made available to inmates.  Only one issue of the publication needs to be retained.  
 A copy of the notification sent to each inmate will be attached to the retained material. 
 
(b)  Definitions.  For the purpose of this section:  
 
(1)  Commercially published information or material means any book, booklet, 
pamphlet, magazine, periodical, newsletter, photograph or other pictorial 
depiction, or similar document, including stationery and greeting cards, published 
by any individual, organization, company, or corporation which is distributed or 
made available through any means or media for commercial purposes.  This

P5266.11   11/9/2011   Federal Regulations from 28 CFR: this type.     Implementing instructions: this type. 7 
definition includes any portion extracted, photocopied, or clipped from such 
items. 
 
(2)  Nudity means a pictorial depiction where genitalia or female breasts are 
exposed. 
 
Specifically, when the pictorial depiction of the female breast displays the areola or nipple, this 
material will be rejected. 
 
(3)  Features means the publication contains depictions of nudity or sexually 
explicit conduct on a routine or regular basis or promotes itself based upon such 
depictions in the case of individual one-time issues.  Publications containing 
nudity illustrative of medical, educational, or anthropological content may be 
excluded from this definition.  
 
Section 2.c. prohibits the establishment of an excluded list of publications.  It is important to 
review each individual publication for unacceptable content.  The following are examples of 
commercial publications that 
 contain nudity illustrative of medical, educational, or 
anthropological content,
  which are allowable: 
 
 National Geographic. 
 Our Bodies, Ourselves. 
 
Also, the following are examples of commercial publications that may be allowable if they do not 
contain depictions of nudity: 
 
 Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues. 
 Lingerie catalogs. 
 
However, if the above examples contain depictions of nudity not illustrative of medical, 
educational, or anthropological content, they should be rejected under this section.  A 
publication may change a single issue or its general policies and practices at any time, which 
would make it acceptable or unacceptable for distribution.  The examples above are guidelines 
only and are subject to change. 
 
(4)  Sexually explicit means a pictorial depiction of actual or simulated sexual acts 
including sexual intercourse, oral sex, or masturbation. 
 
For purposes of this section, written text does not qualify a publication as sexually explicit. 
 
Publications with sexual content that are not returned under these procedures are still subject to 
rejection through procedures in Section 2.b.(7).  For example, publications that contain sexually 
explicit text, feature sadomasochism or bestiality, or involve children may not meet the definitions 
in this Section for 
 sexually explicit
  or 
 nudity,
  but may be considered detrimental to the security 
and good order of the institution, per Section 2.b.(7).

P5266.11   11/9/2011   Federal Regulations from 28 CFR: this type.     Implementing instructions: this type. 8 
 
REFERENCES 
 
Program Statements 
P1330.16 Administrative Remedy Program (12/31/07) 
P1350.02 Donations, Acceptance of (6/29/98) 
P5265.14 Correspondence (4/5/11) 
P5360.09 Religious Beliefs and Practices (12/31/04) 
P5580.08 Inmate Personal Property (8/22/11) 
P5800.16 Mail Management Manual (4/5/11) 
 
Federal Regulations 
Federal Regulations cited in this Program Statement are contained in 28 CFR 540.70-72. 
 
BOP Forms (available on Sallyport) 
BP-229 Request for Administrative Remedy  
BP-230 Regional Appeal of Administrative Remedy 
BP-231 Central Office Appeal of Administrative Remedy 
BP-A0953 Notification to Inmate and Publisher/Sender of Rejected Publication 
BP-A0954 Notification to Publisher of Return of Publication 
BP-A0955 Notification to Sender of Return of Materials 
BP-A0956 Notification to Inmate of Return of Publication or Materials 
 
ACA Standards 
 2nd Edition Standards for Administration of Correctional Agencies: 2-CO-5D-01. 
 4th Edition Standards for Adult Correctional Institutions: 4-4490. 
 4th Edition Standards for Adult Local Detention Facilities: 4-ALDF-5B-07. 
 
Records Retention Requirements  
Requirements and retention guidance for records and information applicable to this program are 
available in the Records and Information Disposition Schedule (RIDS) on Sallyport.