Sheriff | Eureka County This website uses cookies to enhance usability and provide you with a more personal experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy . Agree CLICK HERE FOR ELECTION INFORMATION Close alert Expand Search It is our mission to make Eureka County the safest place to live, work, play and raise our families, through proactive, value-driven, community-focused policing strategies. Sheriff Section Menu Miles Umina, Sheriff-Coroner Welcome to the Eureka County Sheriff's Office Website Miles Umina, Sheriff-Coroner The Sheriff's-Coroner's Office is essential to public safety across the county's 4,180 square miles, managing both law enforcement and coroner responsibilities. As the leader of the sheriff’s office, the Sheriff-Coroner oversees patrols, investigations, crime prevention, ensuring public safety, while covering a large county. They manage the county jail, maintaining facility security and compliance with regulations. As Coroner, they investigate all deaths, coordinate autopsies, sign death certificates, and communicate with families about the investigation process. In addition, the Sheriff-Coroner coordinates emergency responses for natural disasters and major incidents, collaborates on criminal investigations with State and County Agencies, and handles administrative tasks like budgeting and policy development. The Sheriff along with staff engage with the community through outreach programs and public safety campaigns. Command Staff Communications Division Detentions Division Patrol Division Reports/Staffing/Budget Records/Technical Support Employment Civil Division SPOT USERS Safevoice Offender Watch Honor Our Fallen Links Dog Licenses Contact Us Emergency: 9-1-1 Non-Emergency Dispatch: 775-237-5330 411 N. Main Street PO Box 736 Eureka, Nevada 89316 Administrative Office Hours: (beginning January 5, 2026) Monday through Thursday 7:00 am until 5:30 pm CLOSED for lunch between 12:30 - 1:00 pm CLOSED on Friday Subscribe to Our News Feed Stay up to date on Eureka County's activities, events, programs and operations by subscribing to our News Feed. Subscribe Resources Sitemap Privacy Policy News Quick Links Connect With Us Back to top