Hocking County Sheriff's Office, Logan, Ohio 43138 Skip to content NON-EMERGENCY DISPATCH 740-385-2131 FOR EMERGENCIES CALL 911 Menu SERVICES CCW Project Lifesaver Neighborhood Watch WebChecks Sex Offender Information Project Hope Vacation House Check Kid Print Public Records Request OUR OFFICE Our Office / About Us Past Sheriff's In Memoriam Employment Contact Us HOCKING COUNTY 911 SHERIFF SALES COMMUNITY FEEDBACK Compliment a Deputy Comments/Questions Crime Tips RESOURCES Hocking Co. Gov. Offices Hocking Co. Municpal Count Hocking Co. Common Pleas Case Search Logan Police Department Buckeye State Sheriff's Assoc. Hocking Co. Sex Offenders Search Ohio Revised Code Hocking Hills State Parks Ohio Vine CONTACT US Hocking County Sheriff's Office Sheriff Lanny E. North Crime Tips CALL/TEXT 740-380-HCSO(4276) ABOUT The Hocking County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency, an arm of the courts, and the custodial keeper of those who break the law. It is the mission of the Hocking County Sheriff's Office to protect the lives and property of the citizens of Hocking County, to preserve the peace, and to prevent crime and disorder while constantly guarding personal liberties as prescribed by law. This must be done with honor and integrity, conducting ourselves with the highest ethical standards to maintain public confidence. Hocking County has a population of nearly 30,000 and encompasses 424 square miles. The County was organized on March 1, 1818, from land given by Athens, Fairfield, and Ross counties. Its name originates from the Hocking River, which flows through it from Fairfield County to Athens County. Before Ohio achieved statehood in 1803, The Office of Sheriff was filled through appointment by the Territorial Governor, Arthur St. Clair. The first Sheriff on record in Ohio was Colonel Ebenezer Sproat. Sproat served from 1788 to 1802. " First to Serve Since 1788 " is the motto on many Ohio Sheriff's vehicles. This is a reference to the service of Sheriff Sproat. Sheriff Sproat died in 1805 and is buried in Washington County, Ohio. MOBILE APP The Hocking County Sheriff’s Office mobile application is an interactive app developed to help improve communication with area residents. This app allows residents to connect with the Hocking Sheriff’s Office by reporting crimes, submitting tips, and other interactive features, as well as providing the community the latest public safety news and information. The app is another public outreach effort developed by the Hocking County Sheriff’s Office to improve communication with county residents and visitors. This app is not intended to be used to report emergency situations. Please call 911 in an emergency. Stay up to date on the latest news, announcements, and activities from the Hocking County Sheriff's Office. To better serve the residents of Hocking County, Sheriff North has elected to use the Smart911 system to communicate with residents. Go to Smart911.com and sign up to receive alerts powered by Smart911. These alerts help inform you of weather, traffic, and other emergencies in your community. Receive alerts from state and local authorities across the country, even in locations where Smart911 is not yet available in the 9-1-1 center. SIGN-UP JAIL INFORMATION Hocking County Sheriff's Office uses Southeastern Ohio Regional Jail (SEORJ) to house its inmates. If you would like information about a prisoner, or would like to see if a particular person is in jail, please use links below. CALL JAIL (740) 753-4060 JAIL WEBSITE SEORJ.COM Follow Us 740-385-2131 Contact Us Hocking County Sheriff's Office Our Mission The Hocking County Sheriff's Office is a full service law enforcement agency, an arm of the courts, and the custodial keeper of those who break the law. It is the mission of the Hocking County Sheriff's Office to protect the lives and property of the citizens of Hocking County, to preserve the peace, and to prevent crime and disorder while constantly guarding personal liberties as prescribed by law. This must be done with honor and integrity, conducting ourselves with the highest ethical standards to maintain public confidence. Call us directly: (740) 385-2131 25 East Second Street, Logan Ohio, 43138 Information CCW Project Lifesaver Neighborhood Watch WebChecks Hocking County 911 Sex Offenders Information Project Hope Vacation House Check Kid Print Sheriff Sales Public Records Request Smart Apps Stay up to date on the latest news, announcements, and activities from the Hocking County Sheriff's Office. SIGN-UP These alerts help inform you of weather, traffic, and other emergencies in your community. Receive alerts from state and local authorities across the country, even in locations where Smart911 is not yet available in the 9-1-1 center. © 2025 Hocking County Sheriff's Office Logan, Ohio 43138 Accessibility Statement website by: Web Chick