Visitation Policy and Rules - Walker County Sheriff's Office, Sheriff Nick Smith Home Meet the Sheriff Pistol Permit Jail Policy and Rules **These rules are in place for the safety and security of the facility, jail staff, and the inmate. Please comply with all rules** **The Walker County Jail reserves the right to DENY VIDEO VISITATION*** All prescription medication must be dropped off to the Jail Doctor. You may do so at 5:30pm at the Night Entrance of the Walker County Jail. The Walker County Jail and staff do not set court dates. Please do not contact the jail regarding court dates. You must get with the inmate or his/her lawyer about this matter. Please turn off all cell phones or mobile devices or place them on vibrate when in the jail lobby. Please conduct cell phone conversations outside the building. No cameras, video recorders, or phones with cameras are allowed in the area of the Walker County Jail. This is necessary for the security of the Walker County Jail. FINGERPRINTS Fingerprints are done on SATURDAYS from 2:00pm to 6:00pm for those that may need them for background checks, etc. There is no cost for this service. INMATE LETTERS All incoming and outgoing mail must be on a plain white post card (except legal mail). Any other mail received will be returned to sender. Any mail that has been sprayed with scents or chemicals, color cards, etc. will also be returned . All mail must have a complete return address. Any mail without a return address will be returned. This is for the safety and security of the jail. Do not put any labels, mailing labels, or any other item that sticks to the postcard. This is due to people sending drugs and contraband hidden under the labels. Every rule you see here is a direct result of a specific security problem or contraband being introduced into the jail. You may write a letter to an inmate at the following address: Walker County Jail, "Inmates Name" , 2001 2nd Ave Jasper, AL 35501 but jail staff will not be able to take messages or letters for inmates directly. This is not allowed. Letters must come through the mail. Mail is checked before it is given to an inmate. Inmate to Inmate mail is not allowed and mail coming through a 3rd party is not allowed. Cash is treated as contraband in the jail. We will not be responsible for anything that is lost because you mailed it to an inmate. The following are NOT allowed "on" or "in" post cards/mail: stickers, newspaper, computer printouts, cards of any kind (Birthday, Anniversary, etc.), chemicals, scent(s), perfume(s), cologne(s). If any of these are included, the letter will not be passed on to the inmate. JAIL STORE If an inmate needs something they will have to buy it from the jail store. There is a cash machine in the lobby where you can leave money on their account. You can either deposit cash in the machine or use your credit/debit card. The money goes into the inmates jail account. Money has to be in by Monday afternoon in order for the inmate to purchase an item from the store for that week. All inmates must buy their white clothing from the jail store (commissary), no exceptions. An inmate's government check or payroll check if brought to the jail must be entered into their jail account. INMATE PROPERTY To pick up an inmates property when that inmate is still in our jail, WEEKDAYS are the only day you may do so from 8am-4pm. If for some reason you cannot pick up at this time, you may try to pick up the following SATURDAY. Upon release from jail any money remaining on the inmate's account will only be released to that inmate. Serving the Citizens of Walker County OFFICE HOURS: 8:00am-4:00pm (M-F) CONTACT US Emergency: 911 Non-emergency: 205-302-6464 We're located at: 2001 2nd Avenue, Jasper, AL 35501 Twitter: @walkercosheriff Any indication of an arrest does not imply guilt. All persons depicted are presumed innocent, until proven guilty in a court of law. Home Meet the Sheriff Pistol Permit