Mason County, Texas Skip Navigation Mason County Texas HOME CONTACT US TRANSLATE GO Quicklinks Useful Links ▲ Texas A&M AgriLife Extension Office Hazard Mitigation Plan Veteran's Information Portal Landowner's Bill of Rights Mason County is "Closed Range" or "Fenced In" - click here to view the Stock Law Proclamation and answers to common questions Mental & Behavioral Health - Local Mental Health Authority serving Mason County Mason County Web Accessibility Statement Guide to Medicaid In Texas Welcome to Mason County! NOTICE TO BIDDERS Automated Weather Observation System Sealed bids for the siting, licensing and installation of Automated Weather Observation System III with Present Weather Sensor, Thunder Strike Alert (AWOS III PT) need to be addressed and delivered to Judge Sheree Hardin, 201 Ft. McKavitt (PO Box 1726), Mason, Texas, 76856. Bids will be accepted until Friday, July 10, 2026, at 4:00pm then publicly opened and read. Any bid proposal received after closing time will be returned unopened. In general, the Aviation Construction work consists of: Siting, Licensing, and Installation of Automated Weather Observation Systems III. The system shall be installed in accordance with this specification and as approved in Federal Aviation Administration Advisory Circular 150/5220-16, latest version and FAA Order 6560-20B, or latest version. Bidding documents may be examined at: Mason County Commissioners Courtroom (201 Ft. McKavitt) and/or www.co.mason.tx.us. Technical questions concerning the specifications should be directed to Judge Sheree Hardin at 325-347-5556 or sheree.hardin@co.mason.tx.us. Bidding Documents (click to view) As of April 12, 2026, Mason County is not under a Burn Ban. Executive Order Lifting Burn Ban Regional Association Elects Commissioner Loeffler to Leadership Post Mason County Commissioner Reggie Loeffler was recently elected president of the West Texas County Judges and Commissioners Association, a 119-county sub-region of the County Judges and Commissioners Association of Texas (CJCAT). Several hundred county officials and guests honored Loeffler as he took his oath of office during the Association’s annual conference conducted in Wichita Falls April 21-24. The CJCAT is a statewide organization comprised of County Judges and County Commissioners with more than 1,200 active members. Both the CJCAT and its regional associations promote the interests of county government through continuing education and active participation in governmental affairs, particularly the Texas Legislature. “The people of West Texas and the members of the Association will be well served by the leadership provided by Commissioner Loeffler and the other officers,” said Jim Allison, general counsel to the CJCAT. “We look forward to a successful year for the organization.” As president of the Association, Loeffler will keep apprised of legislative proposals and interim studies that will impact county government and the services provided to taxpayers, and he will travel to Austin to testify on behalf of counties as the need arises. As part of his leadership role, Loeffler will also help plan the Association’s annual conference, which offers state-mandated continuing education hours for County Judges and County Commissioners. For more information on this article, please contact Julie Anderson, editor of County Progress Magazine, at 325-280-1158 or julie@countyprogress.com . Mason County's T92 2026 State Airport of the Year Click link to watch video: https://vimeo.com/1176630775?share=copy&fl=sv&fe=ci Mr. Ty Helton , Greenville Municipal Airport, Former President of Texas Aviation Council Mr. Dave Underwood , Pct 4 County Commissioner, Mason County Mrs. Sheree Hardin , County Judge, Mason County Mr. Leslie Klaerner , Director of Maintenance, Mason County Mr. Dan Harmon , Director of TxDOT Aviation Division State of Texas Resolution WHEREAS , Mason County Airport has been selected as the 2026 State Airport of the Year by the Texas Department of Transportation Aviation Division; and WHEREAS, Established in 1945, Mason County Airport is a public-use, general aviation facility; located several miles southeast of Mason and spanning 232 acres, the airport serves as a catalyst for economic growth across the county and the surrounding region; and WHEREAS , A number of significant improvement projects in recent years have greatly enhanced airport safety and operational efficiency; these include the installation of new electrical and lighting systems to provide pilots with better visibility, the rehabilitation and remarking of the facility's paved surfaces, and the addition of a turnaround run-up pad and a wildlife perimeter fence; moreover, improvements were made to the airfield drainage systems and the terminal building, and plans are currently underway for increasing the facility's hangar space; and WHEREAS , Mason County Airport serves as a vital resource for area residents and visitors to the Texas Hill County, and its ongoing contributions to its community and to the Lone Star State making it a fitting recipient of this prestigious honor; now therefore, be it RESOLVED , That the Mason County Airport be congratulated on its selection as the 2026 State Airport of the Year by the Texas Department of Transportation Aviation Division and that all those associated with the facility be extended best wishes for continued success. Charles Perry Wes Virdell State Senator State Representative District 28 District 53 VISIT OUR EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT PAGE FOR UPDATES ON ... Outdoor sirens – tested quarterly Sheriff’s App – National Weather Service feed and other notices Emergency Preparedness Information Provided by the Texas Association of Counties Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials Copyright © {{YEAR}} {{COUNTY}} {{STATE}} powered by ezTask Titanium TM