Inmate Mail Click Here for Today's Meeting Zoom Link 2/11/26 Home Divisions Jail Patrol Investigations Command Staff Administration Reserves In Memory About Media Inquiries Resources Sex Offender Sheriff Sales Domestic Violence Accident & Police Reports Tax Warrants Central Dispatch Citations MIW/EPO Shelter Records FAQ Services Gun Permit Crime Tips VIN Check Vacation Check Request FAQ Jail Resources Attorney Info Inmate Mail Bond Victim Notifications Inmate Funds Visitation About Jail FAQ Join Our Team Corrections Reserves Civilian Police INMATE MAIL STARTING JUNE 1, 2023 THIS WILL BE THE INMATE MAIL PROCESS Download PDF Clark County Jail - Mail Distribution Legal mail will continue to be received at the facility and is considered privileged. This mail will be opened and inspected (not read) in the presence of the inmate. If found to be legitimate legal correspondence, it will be photocopied and provided to the inmate, at which time the original will then be destroyed in the presence of the inmate. For magazines, newspapers, or periodicals the “Publisher only rule” applies and will be accepted if they are sent directly from the publisher and approved by the Jail Commander. Material determined to be obscene will be denied. Subscriptions to magazines and newspapers must be sent directly by the publisher and delivered via the US Postal Service. All books must ship directly to the address below from one of the following sources (limit of 5 books per shipment) Harper Collins Publishers - https://www.harpercollins.com Hamilton Books - https://www.hamiltonbook.com Book Outlet.com - https://bookoutlet.com Simon and Schuster - https://www.simonandschuster.com Christian Book.com - https://www.christianbook.com Sureshot Books - www.sureshotbooks.com Send to: 501 E. Court Ave Suite 159 Attn: (inmate's name) Jeffersonville, IN 47130 Copyright © 2026 Clark County Sheriff's Office - All Rights Reserved. Website Designed By So In Media Group About FAQ Contact This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept