skip to main content BCSO Homepage The Bristol County Sheriff’s Office is a public safety organization committed to care, custody, control, and rehabilitation of inmates. The Bristol County Sheriff’s Office strives to promote a work environment where employees feel valued and have a sense of purpose in their daily work, and will assist other public organizations when needed. Recent News & Events Notice: In an effort to reduce the introduction of contraband into its facilities, the Sheriff’s Office has implemented procedures for copying legal/privileged mail and paperwork. Upon arrival, such documents will be opened and copied in the presence of the inmate recipient and only for the sole purpose of ascertaining that the mail is free from contraband. Photocopies shall be produced by staff on designated copy machines that are incapable of storing information. Original versions of an inmate’s incoming legal mail/privileged documents will be secured in a designated storage location and provided to the inmate upon discharge or when so authorized by the Sheriff’s Office, following an inmate’s written request. Additional information about these procedures is available for the general public to review at Security Reception. Scam Alert: The Bristol County Sheriff's Office will NEVER call you asking for payment of any sort. Never give personal or financial information over the phone to someone you do not know. If someone calls you pretending to be from our office and requesting payment, please hang up immediately. Click here for more information about scams. Facebook Instagram Linkedin Vimeo 6-22-26 Custody Totals: Dartmouth (DHOC) Facility Pre-Trial: 259 Sentenced: 213 DHOC Total: 472 Women's Center Pre-Trial: 29 Sentenced: 25 Women's Total: 54 Ash Street Jail Pre-Trial: 61 Sentenced: 16 Regionals: 12 Ash Street Total: 89 Not In Custody: 6 Grand Total: 621 Now Hiring! Job Opportunities Scam Alert Info Department Videos/Media Jail Information Visitor Information Civil Process Volunteer Recruitment / Employment Public Records Request Bristol County Sheriff's Office: 400 Faunce Corner Road, North Dartmouth, MA 02747 Phone: 508.995.6400 Web: www.bcso-ma.us Civil Process: 421 Faunce Corner Road, North Dartmouth, MA 02747 Phone: 508.992.6631 Email address: civildivisionservice@bcso-ma.org