Teller County, CO | Official Website Skip to Main Content Stage 2 Fire Ban Stage 2 Fire Ban In Effect More Information Search Job Opportunities Public Records Request Elections Department Sheriff's Office Notify Me Online Forms Transparency Teller County is committed to operating an open and transparent government. By providing information below, Teller County Government makes a commitment of accountability for its residents. This ensures they can be fully informed about the operations of their county government. Teller County is a Zoned County (PDF ) News & Announcements Stay up to date Hayden/Divide Park Closure Hayden/Divide Park Closure July 6th – 10th, 2026. Closed from 6am – 2pm each day, for playground improvement by Peak Landscapes Where Can I Drop Off My Ballot or Vote In-Person? Read on... 2026 Teller County Fair Schedule Schedule of events for the Teller County Fair (July 24 - August 2, 2026) and Military Appreciation Night (July 25, 2026) Read on... Commissioner Campbell Presents at the 2026 CCI Annual Conference Commissioner Bob Campbell presents the CTSI Annual Report at the 2026 CCI Annual Conference Read on... Commissioner Williams Leads Celebration at 2026 Gold Rush Rodeo High above Cripple Creek, Commissioner Dan Williams helped mark a record-setting year for one of Teller County’s signature traditions. Read on... Wildfire Safety Reminder from the Teller County Sheriff's Office The Teller County Sheriff’s Office is sharing an important wildfire safety reminder as residents and visitors spend more time outdoors this summer. Read on... Stage II Fire Ban Amended The Teller County Board of County Commissioners approved an amendment to the existing Stage II Fire Ban during the June 9, 2026 Commissioners Meeting. The amendment is effective at noon on June 9, 2026. Read on... Commissioner Campbell Presents at the 2026 CCI Annual Conference Commissioner Bob Campbell presents the CTSI Annual Report at the 2026 CCI Annual Conference Read on... Teller County Leaders Emphasize Fire Safety and Responsible Recreation Ahead of Memorial Day Weekend As Memorial Day weekend approaches, Teller County leaders are reminding residents and visitors to use caution, respect fire restrictions, and help protect the public lands that make our county such a special place to live and visit. Read on... World Elder Abuse Awareness Day Proclamation Teller County Board of County Commissioners Proclamation Recognizing June 15, 2026, as World Elder Abuse Awareness Day in Teller County Additional Info... Florissant Park Closure Friday, May 15th, the park will be closed from 8:00am to 1:00pm for construction. Read on... Colorado Disaster Recovery Resources Now Available Teller County is sharing a new statewide disaster recovery resource for residents, businesses, and rural communities. Read on... Stage 2 Fire Ban Remains in Effect in Teller County The Teller County Board of County Commissioners will keep the existing Stage 2 Fire Ban in place following a special meeting held Tuesday, May 5. Read on... Teller County Honors Major Stephen Ramsbottom During Welcome Home Ceremony Community members, veterans, and local officials gathered in Cripple Creek on April 9 to honor and welcome home Major Stephen Ramsbottom during a ceremony held at the Teller County Board of County Commissioners meeting. Read on... Teller County Participates in RE-1 Career Fair Read on... Teller County Sheriff’s Office Releases Documentary on the Teller County Cares Food Initiative Read on... Teller County to Welcome Home Major Stephen Ramsbottom at the Centennial Building in Cripple Creek Teller County will welcome home Major Stephen Ramsbottom on Thursday, April 9, 2026, at 9:15 a.m. during the Board of County Commissioners meeting at the Centennial Building in Cripple Creek. The public is invited to attend. Read on... Teller County Commissioners Attend NACo Legislative Conference in Washington, D.C. Read on... Commissioner Dan Williams to Represent Teller County on Ponderosa Mountain Pine Beetle Task Force Read on... Teller County Tax Notices - Senior/Veteran Tax Exemptions There has been a significant amount of confusion regarding the 2025 property tax notices that property owners are currently receiving. Read on... Short-Term Rental Survey Results Published Read on... Stage 2 Fire Ban in Effect for Teller County Stage 2 Fire Ban Restricts Open Burning in Teller County, CO. No open burning of slash or outdoor fires. No explosives, fireworks, or model rockets. No smoking outside except in an area cleared of all flammable materials, or in a building/vehicle. Read on... BOCC Statement of Gratitude to Teller County Read on... Neighbors Helping Neighbors: Teller County Unites at Walmart Food Drive Read on... Teller Commissioners announce the Teller County Cares Food Initiative Watch Teller County Leaders Continue Support for Local Food Initiative Read on... All Hands on Deck: Teller County Pulls Together Read on... 2025 Coordinated Election Information Read on... Teller County Launches Local Food Assistance Program as SNAP Benefits Face Cuts Read on... Teller County Commissioners Call Special Work Session to Address SNAP Benefit Suspension Read on... Teller County Supports Bipartisan Wildfire Recovery Bill Introduced by Congresswoman Pettersen View the Official BOCC Statement BOCC Announces Closure of old Hayden Divide Park - Opening of New Hayden Divide Park Wednesday, October 15, 2025. The Teller County Board of County Commissioners announces the closure of the old Hayden Divide Park and the opening of the new Hayden Divide Park. Read on... Teller County Board of Commissioners Statement on Federal Government Shutdown View the official statement BOCC Statement on Evergreen High School Tragedy and Assassination of Charlie Kirk Read on... Teller County Defends Local Control, Challenges Unfunded State Mandates Teller County’s Board of County Commissioners has formally notified state leadership that it will treat unfunded state mandates that strain local resources and jeopardize essential services as optional. Read on... County Assessor New County Assessor appointed. Read on... BOCC Announces Hayden Park Improvement/Relocation Plan The Teller County Board of County Commissioners announces the improvement and relocation of the Hayden Divide Park in conjunction with the Teller County Service Center Project. Read on... House Bill 24-1269: Document Filing Fee Changes Beginning July 1, 2025 document filing fees will change Statewide due to House Bill 24-1269. Read on... Congresswoman Pettersen Visits Teller County to Discuss Medicaid and Local Economic Impacts Read on... Teller County Not Listed as Sanctuary Jurisdiction in DHS Report In a recently published list from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Teller County was not identified as a sanctuary jurisdiction under Executive Order 14287: Protecting American Communities from Criminal Aliens. Read on... Commissioners Reach out to Office of Civil Rights The Teller County Commissioners are reaching out to the office of Civil Rights at the U.S. Justice Department to address concerns about recent Colorado legislation affecting constitutional rights and federal funding. Additional Info... Teller County Sheriff Addresses Impact of State Legislation Watch Press Conference Teller County Stands Against Senate Bill 25-003 The Board of County Commissioners has taken a decisive stand to oppose Senate Bill 25-003. Read on... Storm Damage in Divide Highlights Community Response and Resilience Read on... Teller County Sheriff Mikesell's Press Conference with ICE Read on... Teller County Declared a Purple Heart County Read on... What the Indefinite Postponement of SB 25-047 Means to You Read on... Commissioner Williams Joins Governor Polis to Announce Partnership for Enhanced Outdoor Recreation Read on... Feb 3, 2025 Press Conference - Teller, El Paso County Sheriffs on Undocumented Criminal Legislation Read on... Sheriff Mikesell Press Conference on Partnership with ICE to Address Criminal Illegal Aliens Read on... Statement from Commissioner Williams on Wildfire Mitigation and Community Safety Read on... Press Release – January 16, 2025 – Suspect in the Highland Lakes Fire Arrested Suspect in the Highland Lakes Fire Arrested Read on... Letter to BOCC and Fire Chiefs Regarding "NoFloCo Fire Mitigation Posse" Read on... Press Release - Mollie Kathleen Mine Incident Press Release – January 15, 2025 – Mollie Kathleen Mine Read on... County Commissioners Announce Central Service Center in Divide Read on... Newly Elected Sworn In Three newly elected county officials were sworn into office today. Read on... Florissant Park Now Open Florissant Park soft dedication today, November 23, 2024. Read on... BOCC Recognizes April 6-12, 2026 as National Public Health Week The Board of County Commissioners recognizes April 6-12, 2026 as National Public Health Week in Teller County. Read on... BOCC Announces April 2026 as Child Abuse Prevention Month The Board of County Commissioners has Proclaimed April 2026 as Child Abuse Prevention Month in Teller County. Read on... Local Businesses Honored Commissioner Williams Meets with Local Business Owners Read on... Commissioner Williams Takes Direct Hit from Tornado, Finds Strength in Community Read on... Teller County Celebrates 125 Years!! Teller County, Colorado, celebrates a significant milestone in its history, marking the 125th anniversary of its founding on March 8, 1899, drawing territory from El Paso and Fremont Counties to encompass the Gold Camp and surrounding lands. Read on... Portions of Teller County Hwys 24 & 67 designated as the Purple Heart Trail State Senate designates portions of US Hwy 24 and State Hwy 67 in Teller County as the Purple Heart Trail. Download resolution Commissioners Letter to Dept. of Natural Resources - Futile Water Rights In this letter to the Dept. of Natural Resources, Teller County Board of County Commissioners ask that a recent order concerning its potential impacts on springs and futile water rights be immediately rescinded. Download documents Commissioners Letter to all 35 State Senators - CO Parks & Wildlife Board Appointments-Feb 26, 2024 In this letter to the Colorado Senators, the Teller County Board of County Commissioners oppose the appointments to the Colorado Parks and Wildlife Board and urge the Colorado Senators to vote "NO" on the upcoming confirmation votes. Download documents Short-Term Rentals Announcement from BOCC NOTICE: Please read message from our Board of County Commissioners regarding Short-Term Rentals in Teller County. Download documents Clerk & Recorder's Office Implements Safeguard Against Property Fraud The Teller County Clerk and Recorder’s Office is alerting property owners to an increase in mortgage and property fraud across the nation. The Clerk’s Recording Department is providing a safeguard mechanism. Read on... Teller County Treasurer, Krystal Brown Read on... Teller County Sheriff's Office Personnel Sworn in by Sheriff Mikesell Words from Commissioner Dan Williams - Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx County Calendar Mark your calendars Schedule Meetings and Events Schedule June 2026 S M T W T F S 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 Tue, Jun 30 Commissioners Work Session View All /Calendar.aspx Meetings and Events June 2026 S M T W T F S 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 There are no published events in current month. View All /Calendar.aspx Tab Name Protect the Past… Embrace The Future P.O. Box 959 112 North A Street Cripple Creek, CO 80813 Contact Info - All Departments Home Elected Officials County Departments All Departments Phone Numbers Job Opportunities /QuickLinks.aspx Accessibility Privacy Policy and Site Disclaimer Site Map /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow