Chouteau County Sheriff's Office Sheriff - Justin D. Smith Undersheriff -Adam Jacques Sheriff - Justin D. Smith Undersheriff -Adam Jacques Sheriff - Justin D. Smith Undersheriff -Adam Jacques Sheriff - Justin D. Smith Undersheriff -Adam Jacques Chouteau County Sheriff's Office Comprehensive Law Enforcement Services Chouteau County Sheriff's Office is responsible for providing law enforcement services for all of our county, located in central Montana. This includes the communities of Big Sandy, Carter, Floweree, Fort Benton, Geraldine, Highwood, Loma and Square Butte. Our state-of-the-art Law Enforcement Facility in Fort Benton includes a Detention Center and 911 Dispatch Center, ensuring efficient and reliable public safety for the entire county. Detention center Visitation Wednesdays and Saturdays from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm Professional visits, (attorneys, clergy, etc.) are by appointment. Attorneys and clergy may be subject to search prior to and after a contact visit. All visitors over eighteen (18) must have an ID Visits are twenty (20) minutes long No more than two (2) people can visit with an inmate at any given time Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age will be permitted to visit with an inmate only if supervised by an accompanying adult Incoming Mail Authorized Items -Money Orders -Cash -Letters written or printed on regular copy paper, loose-leaf paper or notebook paper -Photocopies of drawings or pictures -Standard photographs All other items will be returned as undeliverable Address mail as follows. Inmate Name Chouteau County Detention Center P.O. Box 459 Fort Benton MT, 59442 INMATE ROSTER Inmate_Population_2026-06-16_06.14.50 (pdf) Download Concealed weapons Permits All applicants for either a new permit or renewal of an existing permit must apply in person with a state issued ID (must be a resident of Montana for at least 6 months). Please do not mail applications in. New Permits Fee - $50.00 New permit applications must also have proof of firearms familiarity as lined out in MCA 45-8-321 (3). -This may include the following -DD214 Military Discharge Form, Hunter Safety Certificate, Concealed Weapon Permit from another state that requires training prior to approval, or weapons training certificate from a certified firearms instructor Permits are valid for five (5) years. Permit Renewals Fee - $25.00 Renewal of a permit is not automatic and can be applied for up to ninety (90) days before the expiration date of the permit and one day after. Replacement Permits Fee - $5.00 If you have any questions concerning the processing of your application, please contact this office at (406) 622-5451 For more information on Concealed Weapons Permits please review Montana Code Annotated 45-8-321 CWP Downloads New CWP Application (pdf) Download Renewal CWP Application (pdf) Download Civil Process Documentation In order to attempt service, all proper documentation must be received. The following documentation is required. -Precipe, letter explaining who, what, and where service is needed. Detailed list of papers to be served. Return address for proof of service to be sent to. ​ -Original and copies of papers to be served. Fees All papers to be served require pre-payment. Any papers received without payment will be returned. Fees are a flat rate and include mileage. ​ - Standard Process Fee (Per-Person) $50.00 - Writ's Of Execution (Per-Person) $75.00 - Sheriff's Sale $150.00 $25.00 for canceling or postponing sale Additional expenditures will be billed upon completion/cancelation of sale (storage, towing, moving, posting, advertisements, ect.) Burn Permits To purchase a burn permit please go to Montana Burn Permit and Notification Service This website can also be used to - View current burning status - Activate an existing burn permit - Edit or reprint an existing permit - Renew an existing permit - View current burn activity Note that burning bans may be put in effect by the County Commissioners or Fire Warden. Employment Opportunities Deputy Sheriff Communications Officer Detention Officer NOT CURRENTLY HIRING Duties: Responding to/investigating complaints; patrol jurisdictional area; preserve the peace; arrest/issue citations to persons for violations of law; complete associated paperwork; apply for and serve search and arrest warrants; collection and preservation of evidence; follow-up investigations and interviews; trans Show More NOT CURRENTLY HIRING Duties: Responding to/investigating complaints; patrol jurisdictional area; preserve the peace; arrest/issue citations to persons for violations of law; complete associated paperwork; apply for and serve search and arrest warrants; collection and preservation of evidence; follow-up investigations and interviews; transport of detained individuals; service of civil process; court bailiff; coroner duties; search and rescue operations; and assist other law enforcement agencies as needed. Qualifications: High school diploma, GED, or appropriate equivalent. Valid Montana driver's license or the ability to gain one. Completion of a background investigation and psychological / physical screening. All other requirements as outlined in Montana Code Annotated 7-32-303. Completion of Field Training program, followed by Montana Law Enforcement Academy and a one year probation period. Montana POST certification is preferred but not required. Starting Salary is $57,893+ (2024-25) Holiday/Overtime/On call pay Employee medical benefits are available, along with Sheriff's Retirement System enrollment. Show Less Detention Officer Communications Officer Detention Officer Duties: Booking and release of inmates; transportation of inmates to court, medical and correctional facilities; patrolling and searches of the facility, custody and control of inmates, enforces facility rules and regulations; meal and laundry services; use of records system for documentation of actions Qualifications: High school dip Show More Duties: Booking and release of inmates; transportation of inmates to court, medical and correctional facilities; patrolling and searches of the facility, custody and control of inmates, enforces facility rules and regulations; meal and laundry services; use of records system for documentation of actions Qualifications: High school diploma, GED, or appropriate equivalent. Valid Montana driver's license or the ability to gain one. Completion of a background investigation. Completion of training program, followed by Montana Law Enforcement Academy Detention Officer Basic and a one year probation period. Starting hourly wage $19.00, with overtime, holiday and shift differential. Employee medical benefits are available, along with Sheriff's Retirement System enrollment. Show Less Communications Officer Communications Officer Communications Officer Duties: Monitor phone and radio and dispatch appropriate law enforcement, fire and medical personnel to calls for service. Utilize multiple computer systems and programs to document incidents. Use established medical protocols and procedures determine the level of response. Provide information to law enforcement personnel by accessing co Show More Duties: Monitor phone and radio and dispatch appropriate law enforcement, fire and medical personnel to calls for service. Utilize multiple computer systems and programs to document incidents. Use established medical protocols and procedures determine the level of response. Provide information to law enforcement personnel by accessing computerized information regarding criminal histories, active warrants, vehicle registration, driver’s license status and similar information Qualifications: High school diploma, GED, or appropriate equivalent. Valid Montana driver's license or the ability to gain one. Completion of a background investigation. Completion of training program, followed by Montana Law Enforcement Academy Public Safety Communicator Basic and a one year probation period. Starting hourly wage $19.00, with overtime, holiday and shift differential. Employee medical benefits are available, along with PERS enrollment. Show Less APPLICATIONS Deputy Sheriff Application (pdf) Download Detention Officer and Communication Officer Application (pdf) Download Chouteau County Sheriff's Office Dispatch non-emergency - 406-622-5451 Dispatch Fax - 406-622-3815 Detention Center - 406-622-3660 Detention Fax - 406-622-2976 Emergency - 911 1215 Washington St, Fort Benton, MT 59442, USA Our "Contact Us" email is not constantly monitored and is not used for reporting emergencies or other situations needing response. CALL 911 IN AN EMERGENCY Call 406-622-5451 for other activity that needs response or investigation. Contact Us Contact Us Name Email* How can we help? This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Send Cancel Contact Us Get directions Chouteau County Sheriff's Office 1215 Washington St, Fort Benton, MT 59442, USA +1.4066225451 Copyright © 2026 Chouteau County Sheriff's Office - All Rights Reserved. Powered by This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept