Sheriff – County of Northumberland Skip to content Home Public Offices Addressing Area Agency on Aging Assessment BH/IDS Board of Elections Children & Youth Services Commissioners Controller Coroner Engineer Finance Geographic Information Systems Human Resources Information Technology (IT) Jail Planning Public Safety (Emergency Management & 911 Communications) Recycling | Solid Waste Sheriff Tax Claims Treasurer Veteran’s Affairs Weatherization Courts & Justice Adult Probation Court Administration Court Costs District Attorney District Court Milton District Court Mt. Carmel District Court Shamokin District Court Sunbury Domestic Relations Juvenile Probation Prothonotary Public Defender Register & Recorder Special & Conflicts Elected Officials Commissioner Samuel J. Schiccatano Commissioner Joseph M. Klebon Commissioner Meghan K. Beck Controller Mick Bettick Coroner James F. Kelly District Attorney Mike O’Donnell District Magistrate Cole District Magistrate Diehl District Magistrate Wiest-Benner District Magistrate Zalinski Prothonotary Jamie Saleski Register & Recorder Tina Mertz Sheriff Robert Wolfe Treasurer Sandra Brown Connect About County Government Contact Us Current Press Releases HIPAA Policy HIPAA Compliant Form (pdf) Municipal Directory Open Records Online Services PA Career Link Public Meetings & Agendas Public Records Social Security Location & Hours 201 Market Street Sunbury Pa 17801 Phone: 570.988.4155 Fax: 570.988.4496 Hours: Mon. 9:00a – 5:00p Tues. – Fri. 9:00a – 4:30p Gun Permit Hours: Mon. – Fri. 9:00a – 3:00p Links Carrying Firearms in Pennsylvania Licence to Carry Application Costs (pdf) Sheriff Robert Wolfe – Sheriff Biography: Robert J. Wolfe has been serving as Northumberland County Sheriff since January of 2014. With seven years experience in the Sheriffs office, Wolfe was nominated by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett & approved by a unanimous vote of the State Senate, and was elected to a full four year term in November 2015. Sheriff Wolfe previously held the rank of Corporal and Chief Deputy Sheriff. A 1989 graduate of the Allentown Police academy, Wolfe served over 20 years with the City of Shamokin Police Department, holding various titles & capacities including Arson investigator and acting Chief of Police before retiring with the rank of Corporal. Sheriff Wolfe previously served as the Chief of Police in New Berlin Borough, Union County, and as a patrol officer in Zerbe Township, Pa. Wolfe has also served as the City of Shamokin Fire Chief for eight years before retiring in 2014. A native of Shamokin, Sheriff Wolfe lives in Coal Township. Duties: – To serve and enforce all orders of the County Court of Common Pleas. – To provide courthouse policing throughout the courthouse complex. – To transport prisoners to and from county and state institutions for court appearances. – To keep the peace and good order in Northumberland county. – To arrest violators of the law and fugitives. – To assist other law enforcement agencies in the county as requested or in periods of emergency. – To serve and enforce protection from abuse orders – To serve criminal and domestic bench warrants. – To serve all types of civil process. – To conduct levies sales of personal property and real estate. – To issue concealed weapons permits and licenses to sell firearms. – To perform other duties as required by the Court of Common Pleas. – To provide security and protection for the Court of Common Pleas and court related functions. – The Northumberland County Sheriffs office issues permits to Northumberland County residents and out of state residents with a valid carry permit and drivers license from their state of residence. License to Carry Information: If you want to apply for a license to carry a firearm or yours is about to expire, please come in Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm. You must bring A valid driver’s license/photo ID with your current address Phone numbers and addresses of two references (they may not be immediate family) Cash, check, or money order for $20.00 Permit is valid for five years following renewal. Application can be filled out in our office or by printing this form: License to Carry Application Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email Name Website