Jail | Waseca County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Justice Center Project Board of Commissioners Elections /QuickLinks.aspx Search Home Departments Sheriff's Office Waseca County Jail Jail JAIL ROSTER The Waseca County Jail is located just West of the Waseca County Courthouse in the Waseca County Security Building at 122 3rd Avenue NW in the City of Waseca. Visiting Hours Thursdays 6:30pm to 9pm Last Visit will be taken back at 8:30pm Saturdays 8am to 11am Last Visit will be taken back at 10:30am Sundays 8am to 11am Last Visit will be taken back at 10:30am All visitors must be 18 or older with a valid state issued, or active duty military photo ID. Minors may visit but must be accompanied with parent or legal guardian. The parent or guardian with the minor must stay in the visiting booth for the entire visit. All visits will be 30 minutes. In order to be fair to all inmates, there is a two visit per inmate maximum per visiting day. All visitors must be drug and alcohol free. Any visitor who is under the influence of drugs or alcohol will be denied visitation. Loud or belligerent talking is not accepted. Keep conversations to a quiet conversational tone. If the jailer can hear you talking, you are being too loud. Jail staff reserves the right to terminate visits due to loud conversations, or unacceptable behavior. no food or drinks are allowed in the visiting booth. If a visitor has to leave the booth for any reason while visiting they will not be readmitted. Inmate Property Money can be dropped off. We only accept cash. The Waseca County Jail will accept Paperback books for inmates. Any book dropped off for inmates must be new, with a receipt, and will become the property of the jail upon the inmate's release. Hardcover books, magazines, newspapers, puzzle books (word finds/crossword puzzles) and any books with pictures depicting nudity, gang affiliation, or drug use will not be accepted. ** Inmates cannot receive incoming calls directly ** Employment View current job listings with the County Jail Roster Conduct a search of the electronic record database Property Taxes Conduct a search of the electronic record database Waseca County Courthouse 307 N State Street Waseca, MN 56093-2953 Phone: 507-835-0630 Fax: 507-835-0633 Hours: 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Contact Us Government CH Park Camping Reservations County Assessor's Office Facilities & Parks GIS Maps for Waseca County MN Prairie County Alliance (Social Services) Pay Property Tax /QuickLinks.aspx Justice Center Project Board of Commissioners Elections Employment Opportunities Facilities & Parks CH Park Camping Reservations /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow