Allen Correctional Center - Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections Allen Correctional Center back to map Physical Address 3751 Lauderdale Woodyard Rd., Kinder, LA 70648 Phone (337) 639-2943 Mailing Address 3751 Lauderdale Woodyard Rd., Kinder, LA 70648 Warden Keith Cooley Mission Statement It is the policy of the Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections and Allen Correctional Center to maintain a secure institutional environment that ensures the safety of the public, provides a safe working climate for employees, and offers humane and safe living conditions for imprisoned people. To accomplish this end, a highly organized system of interrelated policies, procedures, emergency plans, and systematic manpower practices are employed. Allen Correctional Center is committed to the reentry initiatives of the Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections. The Reentry Program outline describes the intent of the Department to provide persons released from the Department with certain fundamental resources in the areas of employment, life skills, and job placement. Additionally, the Department endeavors to provide people releasing from prison access to as many support services as possible to substantially increase the likelihood of their successful re-entry into society and reduce recidivism. Allen Correctional Center utilizes an aggressive classification procedure that incorporates a multifaceted process whereby imprisoned individuals are assisted in correcting their behavior. The process spans reception, orientation, treatment planning, programming, progress assessment, reclassification, as well as preparation for release and reintegration into the community. Program staff provides a wide range of inter ­disciplinary services to people in prison. These services include medical, psychiatric, psychological, social, religious, vocational, educational, and recreational programs and services within the context of the total correctional system. The Department operates the state’s facilities under the principle that all administrative and management decisions either directly or indirectly affect the security and treatment goals of the facility. In that context, facility staff serves as important and productive role models for people in prison through conveying mainstream societal values to them. Throughout the course of a day, opportunities for interaction between staff and imprisoned people provide a means to teach or reinforce appropriate behavior, and employees are expected to interact with imprisoned people in a manner consistent with the objectives of the facility. Goals Public Safety Ensuring public safety through the provision of professionally managed correctional services to imprisoned people, pursuant to judgments of the state courts. Safety of Staff and Imprisoned People Provide for the safety of correctional staff and imprisoned people by maintaining an organized and disciplined system of operations that promote stability in our institutional and field operations. Provision of Basic Services Provide basic services relating to adequate food, clothing, and shelter. In addition, we are committed to providing quality health care services that maintain basic health and quality mental health services to contribute to the imprisoned person’s satisfactory prison adjustment, and to diminish public risk presented by returning residents upon release. Opportunity for Change/Reentry Provide an environment that will promote positive behavior change through educational and rehabilitative opportunities and substantially increase the likelihood of successful reentry into society and reduce recidivism. The facility operates under the principle that all administrative and management decisions either directly or indirectly affect the security and treatment goals of the facility. In that connection, facility staff can serve as important and productive role models for imprisoned people. Facility staff play an important role in conveying mainstream societal values to people in prison. Opportunity for Making Amends Provide opportunities for making restitution and participating in community restorative initiatives as a mechanism to compensate, in some fashion, individuals and communities harmed by crime. Directions Allen Correctional Center is located off of Highway 165 on Lauderdale Woodyard Road in Kinder, Louisiana. The facility is approximately forty miles northeast of Lake Charles, Louisiana, (via Interstate 10 and Highway 165) and approximately sixty miles south of Alexandria, Louisiana, (via Highway 165). From the North: Take Highway 165 south through Oberlin. Five miles south of Oberlin, turn left on Lauderdale Woodyard Road. The facility is located 1/2 mile on the left. From the East: From Interstate 10, take the Highway 26 exit in Jennings, Louisiana. Continue north on Highway 26 to Oberlin, Louisiana. Take Highway 165 South. Five miles south of Oberlin, turn left on Lauderdale Woodyard Road. The facility is 1/2 mile down, on the left. From the West: Take Highway 190 east to Kinder, Louisiana. In Kinder, take Highway 165 north. Six miles north of Kinder, turn right on Lauderdale Woodyard Road. The facility is 1/2 mile down, on the left. Visitation Information Visiting hours are from 8:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m. Saturday and Sunday of each week. In months where a fifth Saturday and/or Sunday occur, visitation will be allowed for minimum trusty and medium honor imprisoned individuals only. Medium and maximum custody individuals will not be allowed visitors on these days. No visitor will be allowed to enter after 2:00 p.m. Dress code for visitors: the following items are not permitted: No clothing similar in appearance to the clothing worn by imprisoned people or correctional officers. No camouflage, transparent clothing, or swimming suits. No skirts, shorts, skorts, culottes, and dresses shorter than one inch above the knee cap and no slits and dresses and skirts. No strapless, tube, halter tops, tank tops, or strapless dresses. No tops that expose the midriff. No blouses, shirts, or dresses that are low cut. No spandex, lycra, or spandex-like athletic, aerobic/exercise tights or leotards. Underwear cannot be exposed. No clothing with revealing holes or tears one inch above the knee cap. No clothing or accessories with obscene or profane writing, images or pictures, gang or club related clothing or insignia indicative of gang affiliation. Footwear must be worn and remain on at all times. No house slippers or shower shoes. These restrictions apply equally to men, women, and children. Visitors are allowed to bring the following items in the visitation area: One (1) unopened pack of cigarettes with lighter. Visitors may purchase a Zip Key from the vending machine in the Squad Room to make purchases out of the vending machines in the visitation area. Concession tickets can be purchased out of the ticket machine in the Front Lobby. The cost of each individual ticket is $1.00. Purchased tickets (identified) are accepted for that weekend only. Any money not being used to purchase tickets or a zip key must be returned to the visitor’s vehicle. ALC is not responsible for any money that is lost or stolen on facility property. No money will be allowed in the visiting shed. Necessary medication (nitroglycerin tablets, etc.) must be identified upon checking-in and will be escorted to the visiting shed check-in station for safe keeping. No purses, clutch purses, waist pouches, etc. are allowed in the visiting shed. Any visitor who refuses to be searched shall be refused entry. Any person may be refused approval to visit or be removed for the approved visitation list if the visitor does not comply with the posted rules of the institution during a visit. Any person may be permanently refused approval to visit if the conduct of the visitor amounts to a violation of state and/or federal law, such as assault, battery, disturbing the peace, introduction or attempted introduction of contraband, lewd behavior, etc. If contraband is found on a visitor or if the visitor refuses to be searched or refuses to allow his/her property to be searched, or if the visitor violates any other rules of the institution, that particular visit may be terminated and the visitor instructed to leave the institution. Any person may be denied permission to visit during the time of a disturbance at the institution. All visitors 18 years of age and older must have a state picture identification card in order to visit with an imprisoned individual. All minors (under the age of 18) must be accompanied by an adult who is either a family member of the minor, the minor’s legal guardian, or on the imprisoned individual’s approved visitation list. All visitors must be placed on the imprisoned individual’s visitation list however minors will not be counted on the list until age 18. Imprisoned individuals who have a current or prior conviction for a sex offense involving a minor child are ineligible to visit with minor children unless they meet the criteria established by departmental regulations. This special visit must be approved by the Warden. Other resources and information for visitors and imprisoned individuals can be found here. When a person sentenced to serve time for a state felony enters Allen Correctional Center, temporary approval shall be given to that person’s parents, legal spouse, grandparents, siblings, and children, for a period of sixty (60) days, if listed, in the person’s Master Prison Record (upon request of the imprisoned person). These temporarily approved visitors will receive permanent approval after they have returned their individual questionnaires and these questionnaires have been processed and approved by the warden. It is the imprisoned person’s responsibility to notify the visitor of approval or denial. Each imprisoned person is allowed 10 individuals on his approved visiting list. Legal advisers, one (1) approved religious adviser, and children 18 years of age or younger will be allowed to visit, but are not included in the 10 visitors approved on the list. Only six (6) people may visit an imprisoned person at a time (includes children). A visitor may be removed from the approved visiting list at his/her request or at the request of the imprisoned person. Special visits must be approved by the warden. All visitors with disabilities will have readily accessible facilities and will be reasonably accommodated as appropriate and to the extent possible within the context of the department’s fundamental mission to preserve the safety of the public, staff, and imprisoned people. Advance notice of the accommodation requested will be necessary to ensure its availability at the time of the visit. These rules are subject to change. Please keep in contact with the imprisoned person who you are visiting for future changes. Educational Programming Educational programs are a key component of the reentry initiative at Allen Correctional Center. Reentry is the process of transitioning a returning resident back into the community from incarceration. The re-entry initiative provides assessment, identification, and linkage for people releasing from prison with services specific to their reentry needs. Imprisoned people begin preparing for release from the point of entry into an institution to the development of Re-entry Accountability Plans (ReAP) guiding reentry planning and programming. Reentry planning and programming is focused on promoting public safety and reducing recidivism. ALC provides comprehensive and accredited educational programs that are available to all eligible imprisoned people to meet their educational rehabilitative needs. The programs include performance-based curriculum and programs providing imprisoned people scheduling flexibility, accurate records to reflect progress and achievements, and a system for formal recognition of their accomplishments. Academic instruction includes General Education Development (GED), Adult Basic Education (ABE), Basic Adult Literacy, Correctional Learning Network (CLN), and Special School District (SSD). Vocational-technical training programs also have been integrated with academic programs and are devised to be relevant and consistent with the needs of people in prison. Vocational-technical classes include Culinary Arts, Computer Office Practices, Upholstery, Cabinet Making, and Horticulture. ALC also provides a leisure library offering books and subscription material to people in prison for their reading requests. Adjacent to the main library the facility provides a law library, along with counsel substitutes to assist imprisoned people with their legal matters. Education General Educational Development (GED) The GED class enhances instruction in reading, English, math, science, and social studies. Imprisoned people with test scores of 8.0 and above are enrolled in this program. Students from this program progress to their high school equivalency diploma. Adult Basis Education (ABE) ABE is a class that provides instruction in the basics of reading, English and math. Imprisoned people whose test scores indicate 6.0 to 7.9 are enrolled in this program. Basic Adult Literacy This reading/writing program is designed to teach imprisoned people (non-readers through intermediate readers) reading and life skills through reading, writing and mathematical exercises. Imprisoned people whose test scores indicate 2.9 to 7.9 grade levels are enrolled in this class. Correctional Learning Network (CLN) The Correctional Learning Network classes are conducted by peer tutors in the student’s housing unit. CLN enhances instruction in reading, English, math, science, and social studies. Special School District (SSD) Louisiana Special School District in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, provides a special education teacher who works with students who have previously been identified eligible for these services in the public school sector and are less than 25 years of age. The level of these students range from Literacy to GED preparatory and requires individualized and small group instruction. Higher Education (College Programs) Upper Iowa University’s offers an Associate of Arts in General Business and a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration-General Emphasis at Allen Correctional Center. The Upper Iowa University courses are eligible for Federal Pell grants, and students may apply for Pell grants to cover their tuition costs. Students in this program will learn and complete all course requirements through a secure web-based platform using technology and academic resources provided by Upper Iowa University. Vocational Cabinet Making Cabinet Making introduces the manipulation of materials, drawing, power tools, measuring, joinery, and assembly to include preparation and finishing woodwork to accomplish a project. Culinary Arts Class The Culinary Arts Class provides people in prison with the knowledge and skills necessary for employment in the food service industry. Training emphasizes the study of foods and their nutritional content, menu planning, food processing and production, quantity cooking, using and storing equipment, sanitation, safety, serving techniques, and self-management skills. Computerized Office Practice This class provides people in prison with the skills needed to obtain an entry-level position in a modern business office. Training is provided in the latest computer operating systems, office technology software, typing skills, and basic office procedures. Substance Abuse and Other Programming The purpose of the Substance Abuse Program is to provide substance abuse education to imprisoned people who reported having a history of substance abuse. In order to provide opportunities for involvement by all people in prison, ALC offers a combination of classroom group and individual activities and self help meetings. Recovery Dynamics Drug Education (RDDE) This is an in-depth, 90-day program that teaches the physical and psychological effects that drugs and alcohol have in a person with a substance abuse disorder’s life. This program is designed to help a person with a substance abuse disorder change his behavior pattern by understanding his chemical dependency. Alcoholic Anonymous (AA) The traditional 12-step AA program target is those who have abused alcohol in their life. This program uses the same format and creed as the established AA program. Narcotics Anonymous (NA) The traditional 12-step NA program targets those who have abused drugs in their life. This program uses the same format and creed as the established NA program. Nurturing Fathers This 90-day program targets fathers in prison who want to redevelop a healthy relationship with their children. Fathers nearing release are given preference in program placement. The program teaches participants how to build a bridge between parent and child and understand their child’s emotional needs. Big Book 12 Step A 90-day program that dissects and teaches the 12-step principles of AA & NA. Each step is taught and put into practical use to demonstrate the purpose of the AA & NA program. Christian 12 Step A 90-day program which dissects and teaches the Christian 12-step principles of AA & NA. Each step is taught in a spiritual setting and put into practical use to show the purpose of the AA & NA program. After Care An ongoing program to continuously refresh and teach those who have completed RDDE and the 12-step study group. This program reiterates the 12-step functions in the lives of people who have abused drugs and/or alcohol. Living in Balance A 90-day program that is offered at all state institutions and most recently implemented at ALC. The program targets those who have abused drugs and/or alcohol. This program is focused on pattern changes in a person with a substance abuse disorder’s life. On the Job Training (OJT) The OJT program is a two-prong program that is designed to provide people in prison with job experience, job safety/MSDS Awareness, and job skills. The general format is derived for the Workplace Readiness Skills course and has been revised to accommodate people inside the prison setting. Religious Programming Faith based programming is a component in the reentry mission to provide a meaningful opportunity for change at ALC. Qualified religious volunteers provide a significant resource in meeting this goal. Religious programming is coordinated by a full-time Chaplain who coordinates daily faith-based program activities for people in prison. The services range from traditional worship to contemporary praise and worship services. Services include but are not limited to the following: Institute of Divine Metaphysical Research, Pentecostal, Baptist, Catholic, Muslim, Church of Christ, Jehovah Witness, and Wicca. Faith Based Training Community The FBTC Program is offered to imprisoned people to facilitate institutional adjustment, rehabilitation, reintegration into the community, reduction of recidivism, and a full range of religious accommodations. Participation in the program is voluntary and is available to all eligible people in prison. School of Faith The School of Faith Bible Institute prepares imprisoned people to feel empowered for the next level of impact in their personal ministry. The operations of faith impact every area of one’s life and ministry. This school was founded to enhance ones personal walk of faith and to develop faith to do the work that God has seeded on the inside of individuals. Since its inception, the goal of this school has been to teach the principles of faith in such a way as to provide the student with the practical skills necessary to navigate through to the will of God for his/her life. Cornerstone University The Calvary Theological Seminary offers an academic foundation to people in prison within the FBTC that will qualify them to advance to broader studies based upon theological curriculum. Through this accredited program, both an associate and bachelor degree program are available for people in prison. Discipleship Seminar Qualified volunteers from the community offer this faith based study group. The study group provides participants with study materials from contemporary praise and worship. Life Plan Seminar The Life Plan Seminar is only offered through the FBTC “School of Faith” and “Cornerstone University.” Reentry Programming Under the mission of the Department of Public Safety and Corrections, discharge planning begins at admission and continues throughout the period of incarceration. There are a variety of opportunities available for self-improvement. LA R.S 15:827.1 mandates 100 hours of pre-release training for imprisoned people prior to their release. Participation is mandatory by law for all people releasing from prison. Pre-Release The 100 hours of classroom instruction includes the development of communication skills, anger and victim awareness, character inventory, health and wellness, substance abuse, relapse prevention, parenting and family dynamics, money management, job seeking and job placement skills, probation and parole expectations, identification and housing resources. Life Plan Seminar The seminar is designed to help imprisoned people nearing discharge to learn how to set goals in their lives, succeed in society, and be productive members of their communities upon return to society. Abused Boys, Wounded Men Taking responsibility for breaking the cycle of pain, this program was developed for people in prison who are dealing with the repercussions of child abuse. Thinking for a Change – T4C T4C is an integrated cognitive behavior change program. Jump to section Contact Information Mission Statement Goals Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming Additional Information Contact Information Mission Statement Goals Directions Visitation Information Educational Programming