Inmate Mail (updated 7/28/25) | Cattaraugus County Website Skip to main content Search Sheriff Eric Butler NOTICE Beginning September 1, 2025, the Cattaraugus County Jail will be switching to digital mail for general correspondence. Family and friends should mail all general correspondence to P.O. Box 149, Clifton Park , NY 12065. It will then be uploaded to the inmate's assigned facility tablet. All packages, legal mail, publications, and money orders will continue to be sent to the jail facility and processed as normal. Any general correspondence sent to the jail facility after Sept. 1, 2025, will be returned to the sender. Please review the following best practices for friends and family: 1. Please ensure the writing on the front of the envelope is legible and includes the following information. Failure to properly address the envelope, as shown below, may result in your mail being returned or delayed: a. Incarcerated individuals' FULL first and last name b. Jail name Ex. Inmates' First and Last Name Cattaraugus County Jail P.O. Box 149 Clifton Park, NY 12065 c. Friend & Family members complete Return address (do not put the DMC center P.O. Box as return address) 2. Anything that cannot be scanned will be returned to the sender. This includes but is not limited to paper that exceeds 8.5x 14 inches, all non-paper items, and items smaller than 4” x 6”. Items smaller than 4” x 6” will need to be scanned and printed on a 8.5” x “11 piece of paper. 3. Items that can’t be scanned a. Any and all legal mail, including all mail items with an attorney or law firm address b. Newspaper and magazine clippings (Items may be scanned and printed on an 8.5” x 11” piece of paper to be accepted) c. Post-it notes or any items attached using tape or adhesives d. Items that have been bound by staples, adhesives, paperclips, or any binding agent e. Greeting cards with die cuts or pop-out design f. Sparkles or glitter 4. All packages and certified mail sent to the P.O. Box will be returned to the sender. 5. Any person sending any personal mail that wishes to have it returned to them must include a self-addressed and stamped envelope with their original mail document. 6. When creating a letter, try and avoid using the following writing instruments: a. Felt-tip pen b. Marker c. Sharpie™ d. Wax or oil-based mediums (Ex. crayons, art supplies) e. Please note that drawings/artwork that may be scanned, however, is not recommended for use for writing. f. These items utilize a lot of ink and often bleed through the paper, which makes reading the letter very difficult when viewed digitally. 7. If the above items can not be avoided when writing a letter, it is recommended that the sender write on only one side of each sheet of paper. This will make interpreting the letter much easier for the incarcerated individual when it is scanned into the system. 8. Try and avoid drawing or coloring on the back of any sheet of paper where writing or text is presented. Sometimes the coloring and lines of the drawing can bleed through and make text hard to read when scanned. 9. If you need to mail a newspaper article, please make a scanned copy and provide that copy within the mailed correspondence. 10. If you are using notebook paper that has been pulled from a spiral-bound notebook, please ensure that the torn fringe or “chads” are trimmed prior to mailing. Not trimming the paper could place it at risk for being jammed or torn during the scanning process. 11. Money Orders - Must be filled out completely and sent to the P.O. Box listed at the top of the page. All money orders will be held for 10 days before being deposited into accounts. NO CASH WILL BE ACCEPTED! CASH DEPOSITS CAN BE MADE IN PERSON IN THE JAIL LOBBY 24/7. We encourage credit cards for instant deposits by visiting www.smartdeposit.com (location code: 5500) or by calling 1 (866) 394-0490. The following items must be mailed directly to the facility, 301 Court St, Little Valley, NY 14755: A. Legal Mail – Any and all legal mail, including all mail items with an attorney or law firm address. B. Publications - Directly sent in from a publisher, distributor, or authorized retailer. Publications to include any books, magazines, puzzle books, etc will only be accepted from a publisher or from a source whose normal business is the distribution of such publications (Amazon, Walmart.com, Barnes and Noble, etc). C. Packages - Must be sent directly from an approved vendor (Amazon, Walmart, etc) Photographs: All photographs will only be accepted from a printing company whose primary business is printing and mailing photographs directly to the inmate (e.g., Shutterfly, Walmart.com). No photographs will be accepted through personal letters and mailings. Absolutely NO NUDE photographs will be accepted. Publications: Publications to include any books, magazines, puzzle books, etc will only be accepted from a publisher or from a source whose normal business is the distribution of such publications (Amazon, Walmart.com, Barnes and Noble, etc). Clothing: Inmates are allowed to receive the following articles of clothing in the mail: • WHITE COTTON T-SHIRTS (NO POCKETS, V NECKS, OR LOGOS) • WHITE SOCKS (NO COLOR ON THE TOES OR HEELS) • WHITE UNDERWEAR (BOXERS OR BRIEFS) NO COLORED WAISTBANDS WILL BE ACCEPTED • WHITE BRA (NO METAL OR UNDERWIRES) • INSULATED UNDERWEAR (2pc WHITE WAFFLE WEAVE ONLY) NO COLORED WAISTBANDS WILL BE ACCEPTED Under Armor or equivalent type, silk fabric, sweat pants, sweat shirts, long sleeve shirts, union suits, turtlenecks, pajamas, low cut neck styles, pockets, gray toe/heeled socks, underwear with colored waistbands or any color other than white WILL NOT be allowed. Any item that can be purchased through the inmate commissary will not be accepted (snacks, envelopes, notepads, stamps, etc). Absolutely no food items will be accepted or stored at the facility Board games: All board games or playing cards must be purchased through a credible online retailer (E.g., Amazon, Walmart.com) and shipped directly to the inmate. All items must be new and sealed in their original boxes. No metal pieces or heavy wooden pieces will be accepted. Absolutely no items will be accepted from private sellers (ETSY, EBAY, etc). Sheriff's Office Administrative Division Communication Division Detective Division Jail Division Patrol Division Emergency Notification Employment Law Enforcement Foundation Most Wanted Animal Abuser Registry News Events Operation Safe Child Patch Requests Pistol Permit Police Blotter Sex Offenders Special Response Team Victim Notification Staff E-mail Access Contact Contact Information Sheriff's Office Eric Butler, Sheriff 301 Court St. Little Valley, NY 14755-1090 View Map Phone: (716) 938-9191 Fax: (716) 938-6552 Email us using our email form