Franklin County, KS - Official Website | Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Employment GIS / Maps Agendas & Minutes Latest News with the County General Offices Closed in Observance of Independence Day Franklin County general offices will be closed Friday, July 3, in observance of Independence Day. The Transfer Station will remain open Friday, July 3, and will instead be closed Saturday, July 4. Regular office hours resume Monday, July 6. Read on... Franklin County Awarded $1.8 Million in KDOT Funding for Indiana Road Bridge Replacement Franklin County has been awarded approximately $1.8 million in KDOT funding to replace a bridge on Indiana Road south of Sand Creek. The County was one of only 16 recipients selected from more than 80 applications statewide. Read on... Planning & Building Welcomes New Leadership and Staff From permits and inspections to mapping and environmental health, Franklin County’s Planning & Building team helps shape the future of our communities. Meet the people behind the work. Read on... Election Ready? Here's What You Need to Know Whether you're registering to vote, verifying your information, or looking for election deadlines, the Franklin County Clerk & Elections Office has the resources you need. Learn More... Highlights from the Franklin County Board of Commissioners Meeting Stay informed with highlights, updates, and key actions from recent Franklin County Board of Commissioners meetings. Read on... Make a Plan Before You Need It Stay alert and keep an eye on local forecasts - severe weather can happen at any time. Make sure you’re ready. Read on... Detour in Place – John Brown Road A detour has been established for traffic on John Brown Road. Please follow posted detour signs, use caution, and avoid the area. Read on... /CivicAlerts.aspx Notice of Bond Election The Board of Education of Unified School District No. 434, Osage County, Kansas (Santa Fe Trail) has declared it advisable to make and finance certain improvements to District facilities and a bond election will be held on August 4, 2026. Learn More... There are no public notices at this time. View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx June 2026 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 /Calendar.aspx Latest County Highlights Wed, Jul 1 Board of County Commission Meeting Board of County Commission Meeting Read On Fri, Jul 3 General Offices Closed in Observance of Independence Day General Offices Closed in Observance of Independence Day Read On Mon, Jul 6 Board of County Commission Study Session Board of County Commission Study Session Read On Wed, Jul 8 Board of County Commission Meeting Board of County Commission Meeting Read On Wed, Jul 15 Board of County Commission Meeting Board of County Commission Meeting Read On Thu, Jul 16 Planning Commission Meeting Planning Commission Meeting Read On View All Events /Calendar.aspx County Budgets & Audits Tax Foreclosures Electronic Open-Records Request Open-Records Request Application Open-Records Request Brochure Bids/RFP Photo Credit Intranet /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us FAQs Employment /QuickLinks.aspx Franklin County 315 S. Main Ottawa, KS 66067 More contact info » Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow