Jail & Inmate Information - Carroll County Sheriff's Office Jail & Inmate Information Home Information Jail & Inmate Information The Carroll County Jail is a full-service facility operating 365 days a year on a 24/7 basis. The jail is located at 43 Second Street S.E. Carrollton, Ohio 44615. The Carroll County Jail houses inmates for Juvenile Court, Municipal Court, and the Court of Common Pleas. The Jail contains 5 female beds, 30 male beds, 4 holding cells, and 1 receiving cell. Direct line to Jail: 330-627-2170 The Jail Contains: 5 female beds 30 male beds 4 holding cells 1 receiving cell 1 padded cell Visitation Days: Days & Times Sundays - 1pm - 4pm Wednesdays - 6pm - 9pm Fridays - 9:30am - 12pm All visitors must be registered forty-eight hours (48 hours) in advance to visit and provide proper ID at the time of the visit. You may be registered as a visitor by calling the jail directly and choosing from the available time slots. No ID-No Visit- Any minor children (under the age of 18) must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. (Proper paperwork may need provided birth certificate or guardian paperwork) Inmates are permitted to visit two (2) of the three (3) visitation days per week and are limited to one visit per day. The visits last one-half hour (30 minutes). No letters will be accepted at the front window during visitation; all letters must come by the US Postal Service. Inappropriate behavior will not be tolerated during ANY visit. You may be temporarily or permanently suspended from visitation and/or criminal charges may be filed if you violate the rules of visitation. All cell block phones will be turned off during the visitation time frames. Special visit arrangements can be made at the discretion of the Sheriff, Jail Commander, or Jail Supervisor. No physical contact visits will be permitted. Incoming Mail: Anyone wishing to mail a letter to an inmate can use the address below with the inmate's name. Inmates can purchase writing material and stamped envelopes during commissary. If an inmate is at indigent status, writing material, and two (2) stamped envelopes can be provided on Fridays only. Inmate's Name Carroll County Jail, 43 2 nd St. SE Carrollton, OH 44615 All incoming mail is screen for contraband. Phone Calls: All phone calls from the jail are prepaid minutes no cost to the answering party or collect billed to the person accepting the calls. Inmates have daily access to the phone service from 6am to 10pm. Phone Minute Credits may be purchased by the inmate, friends, &/or family by depositing funds into the inmate’s trust fund – commissary account. Please refer below for information on how to deposit funds. Unwanted inmate phone calls may be blocked by calling the above number or visiting the ICS Solutions website. If you are the victim of crime, please contact the jail directly for assistance if you are being contacted by the offender. Jail staff will take immediate action against any inmate who engages in harassment of any victim of a crime. The Carroll County Jail staff does not accept or deliver phone messages to inmates. Upon being booked into the jail, all inmates are given a free phone call to notify family/friends of their situation and resources available. Visits from Clergy or Attorneys: Clergy or attorneys can visit between 7am to 10pm. Proper identification must be provided by the clergy member or attorney. Incoming Property for Inmate: Property for inmates must have their names on the items. Property, money, or money orders can be left at the front lobby window. All funds will be applied to the inmate accounts during the next business day and receipt issued to the inmate. If you are dropping money for an inmate to purchase Commissary, it is recommended you drop the funds off no later than Thursday afternoon in time for Friday Commissary, as the deposit needs to be processed. Any special needed items must be either cleared by the Jail Commander, designee, or the medical staff. Property Allowed: Four (4) Pair socks (white and/or light grey only) Four (4) T-shirts (white and/or light grey only) Four (4) under garments (white and/or light grey only) Four (4) bras (no under-wires; white and/or light grey only) (All clothing items must be purchased new and, in the manufacturer, sealed packaging). Four (4) books or magazines (discretion of corrections staff) **Any inmate confined in the facility wanting to release property to family or friends will be required to fill out a property release form with the list of items. The inmate and person picking up the property must also sign the form. Prescriptions: Prescriptions in the Inmate’s name can be dropped off at the jail. The prescriptions must be in their bottles with the inmate’s name on them. Prescriptions can be dropped off anytime. Inmate Commissary: During the inmate’s confinement the Carroll County Jail provides commissary where hygiene products, stamped envelopes, phone minutes, and snacks can be purchased. Basic hygiene items are available on a 24-hour basis. Commissary day is on Fridays. The Carroll County Sheriff's Office has partnered with Keefe Commissary for commissary products for inmates housed in the Carroll County Jail. Contact Access Corrections for any technical support. If you would like to deposit money into their account, please visit: www.accesscorrections.com If you would like to order a package for them, please visit: www.accesssecurepak.com See link below for the Friends & Family Guide to Commissary: Public Guide For Ecomm Inmate Trust Accounts: Upon an inmate’s release and if they have money in their commissary account, inmates are issued a prepaid debit card of their remaining funds. Only under special certain circumstances is an inmate issued a check. An inmate will use the prepaid debit card like a normal debit card or withdraw their funds from the account at any ATM. Refer to the following guide for instructions and technical support. See link below for Information & Technical Support Guide: Release Pay Who To Contact Tech Support Prescriptions: Prescriptions in the Inmate’s name can be dropped off at the jail. The prescriptions must be in their bottles with the inmate’s name on them. Prescriptions can be dropped off anytime. Inmate Programs: The Carroll County Jail provides several programs for inmates during their confinement. Sunday Church Services Work Release Program – Court Order Only The Carroll County Jail has a work release program that is only available via court order. The Judge with jurisdiction over the inmate’s case can grant the inmate work release. Any inmate granted this privilege will be required to pay a $5.00 a day administrative fee and all required guidelines set forth by the jail must be met prior to leaving the facility. Any inmate on work release will be required to launder their own clothing. Recreation (5 days per week) Leisure Activities: Television and Board Games. Inmate Rules: If you have any other questions, please see the jail rules by clicking link below. If you have any further questions, you may reach our corrections division at any time by calling (330) 627-2141 ext. 1 Jail Rules Revised 07 2023