Cobb County Sheriff's Office - Home Skip to main content Home Divisions Adult Detention Center Uniform Field Operations Criminal Investigations Support Services Sections Background Checks Bad Checks Cadet Program Civil Service Communications Department Fentanyl Awareness Fieri Facias Information Find A Form Fingerprinting Identity Fraud Internal Affairs Open Record Requests Raffles Secondary Metals Recycler Sex Offenders Sheriff Sales Social Media Policy Victim Notification Organization Chart Inmates Adult Detention Center Bonding Information Most Wanted Adult Detention Center Programs About Us Meet the Sheriff Meet the Command Staff Meet the Executive Team History Cobb History Sheriff History Thomas Cobb Cobb Court House Jail History Careers Contact Us Contact Numbers Communications Department Open Records Request Quarterly Jail Report - 1st Quarter 2026 ⸻ COBB COUNTY Protecting you & your Family 1825 County Services Parkway Marietta GA 30060 Contact Us » ⸻ COBB COUNTY Want to Serve the County? Join our Team of heroes today! Career » ⸻ COBB COUNTY Leadership Through Service View Our command staff Heroes » ⸻ COBB COUNTY Are You Ready? Join the fastest growing agency Join Us » MAKING COBB COUNTY BETTER AND SAFER EVERYDAY WITH TRUTH, TRUST, AND TRANSPARENCY. Craig D. Owens Sr. | Cobb County Sheriff Our Mission The Cobb County Sheriff’s Office is committed to giving the most professional, fair, and impartial law enforcement and detention operations possible while ensuring accountability, respect, and community-oriented partnership. In November 2020, Owens made history by becoming the first African-American elected to be sheriff of Cobb County. Running on a platform of truth, trust, and transparency. Read the Sheriff’s Bio . More than 30 years of service to his local community and the United States military Command Sergeant Major in the Army Reserve, Craig led a division of 14,000 personnel across 34 states Husband, Proud Father and Grandpa. Popular Services The Most Frequently Requested Cobb County Sheriff Services Background Check ⸺ Fingerprinting ⸺ Bad Checks ⸺ Raffles Careers Are you seeking an opportunity for professional growth and development within the law enforcement community? You can have a rewarding, fulfilling and long-term career with Cobb County Sheriff’s Office. How to Apply? Available Positions Sheriff Community Engagement Community Engagement is at the core of our work at the Cobb County Sheriff’s Office. The Community Engagement team works closely with churches and other religious groups, civic organizations, schools, and others to strengthen ties and restore trust between the community and law enforcement. Request the Sheriff’s Office to Attend Your Community Event Public Safety Cadet Program The Public Safety Cadet Program provides young adults, ages 14-20, with hands-on training in law enforcement procedures, physical fitness, and leadership skills. Cadets will have the opportunity to: Participate in ride-alongs and field training exercises. Learn about criminal justice, investigations, and public safety operations. Engage in community service projects and outreach initiatives. Compete in state and national law enforcement competitions. Learn More and Apply Cobb Sheriff's Foundation The Cobb Sheriff's Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization dedicated to enhancing the well-being of Cobb County through community engagement, education, and charitable initiatives. By fostering positive relationships between the Cobb County Sheriff’s Office and the communities it serves, the Foundation supports events and programs that make a meaningful impact. With the help of donors, sponsors, and volunteers, the Foundation strives to improve lives and strengthen community bonds. Learn more about the Cobb Sheriff's Foundation For Latest News, Advisories, & Statements CCSO Newsroom Media Hub The Cobb County Sheriff’s Office is committed to giving the most professional, fair, and impartial law enforcement and detention operations possible while ensuring accountability, respect, and community-oriented partnership. Join Us Popular Forms Criminal Background Check Raffle License Application Bad Check Form Affidavit of Service Open Records Act Recent CCSO News 5th Annual Back-to-School Cobb Bash Cobb County Sheriff’s Office Celebrates Fatherhood and Personal Growth at the 3rd Annual “Live Nobly” Father’s Day Program Cobb County Sheriff’s Office Graduates 21 Deputies in Inaugural Training Academy Class CALEA invites feedback from individuals interested in the Cobb County Sheriff's Office's adherence to CALEA standards, involvement in the service community, provision of public safety services, and overall eligibility for accreditation via the Public Comment Portal that has been established below. These remarks may manifest as either commendations or concerns. The accreditation procedure is designed to furnish our agency with comprehensive data that promotes ongoing enhancement and encourages the endeavor for professional excellence. Accreditation Public Comment Portal © Copyright 2025 | Cobb County Sheriff’s Office. All Rights Reserved.