607 East Whaley Street, Longview, Texas 75601 
903.757.4455 
NCIC.com 
 
 Kane County Jail 
 
Inmate Mail - Important Update 
 
In an effort to keep contraband out of the Kane County Jail , Kane County is implementing a 
new system for sending documents, photos and mail to inmates.   
 
If you wish to send documents, photos and mail to inmates, we now have a quicker and more 
efficient method using our new Inmate Messaging system where you just  go to  
www.NCIC.com
 and set up an account.  You can then easily send messages to an inmate for 
instant delivery.  You can also take a picture of any document  and attach to these messages.  
Messages are only $0.25 per message,  and Picture Messages/Documents are only $0.35 per 
picture.  This is much cheaper than postage, envelopes and the time it takes to mail a letter and 
the inmate will receive the message and/or picture instantly.   There are no limits on how many 
messages and photos that can be sent to inmates. 
 
 
Starting April 1, 2026, all inmate mail, EXCEPT for legal and medical mail, must be mailed 
to the following address utilizing existing Kane County Jail  jail mail rules.  All legal and 
medical mail must be mailed to the Kane County Jail: 
 
“WARNING” 
Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 for processing will NOT  be 
returned or released.  Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it 
will be destroyed.  This includes pictures or anything else mailed to the processing facility.  By 
sending the mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 you agree to the items being 
destroyed and understand that anything you mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 will 
not be returned or reimbursed for.  No legal or medical mail will be accepted. 
 
 
Inmate Name 
Inmate ID# 
Kane County Jail 
PO BOX 591 
Longview, Texas 75606

607 East Whaley Street, Longview, Texas 75601 
903.757.4455 
NCIC.com 
 
 
 
 
              
 
• All envelopes and mail must include the inmate’s name and the inmate’s 
booking/identifying number as well as a return address. Only mail that is within 8.5 
inches wide x 11 inches tall will be accepted.  
 
• Mail sent to inmates must contain NO MORE THAN 5 PAGES.  Anything that is 
over 5 pages will NOT be scanned and sent to the inmate and will be returned to the 
sender.   
 
• All mail that is scanned into the system will be scanned front side only. Do NOT 
write on the back of pages.  Any mail with writing on the back will be returned to 
sender.   
 
• Inmates may receive a maximum of 1 photo per mailing. If more than 1 photo is 
mailed, the entire letter and all its contents will all be returned to sender and 
nothing will be scanned in or delivered to the inmate. 
 
• No legal or medical mail will be accepted.  Legal and medical mail must be sent to the 
facility where the inmate is housed following the Kane County Jail’s Mail Guidelines. 
 
• No magazines, newspapers, bulk mai l or books will be accepted at PO Box 591, 
Longview, Texas 75606 and will be returned to sender.  These items must be sent to 
the facility where the inmate is housed following the Kane County Jail Mail Guidelines. 
 
• Inmates can securely view it on the kiosks or tablets (if applicable) within the Facility. 
 
 
 
 
Once the mail is received for processing it will be scanned in at the central processing location 
and then will be sent to the inmate electronically via the same messaging system referenced 
above and the inmate can then view it on the pod kiosk or personal tablet in their cell. 
 
There will be no exceptions for receiving mail that does follow the above guidelines. 
 
 
Respectfully, 
 
Kane County Jail