Jail -Franklin County How Do I Apply/File for... Report... Pay... Jail Overview The Franklin County Jail works to protect the public by providing the care, custody and control of confined individuals who are accused of or convicted of a crime. Mission Statement Mission Statement: To support Franklin County’s mission statement and to protect the public by providing the care, custody and control of confined individuals who are accused of or convicted of a crime. Vision Statement Accurately identify all individuals who enter the jail Assess individuals utilizing the risk/need principle Encourage a true partnership among staff Be firm, fair and consistent with all offenders Provide the highest level of service to the citizens of Franklin County and be good stewards of public resources Encourage all employees to be actively engaged in improving operations Provide a safe and secure environment in accordance with recognized standards and regulations Consistently reinforce appropriate behavior and discipline inappropriate behavior Provide research-based programming designed to reduce criminal behavior Aid individuals in getting re-engaged in the community through our volunteer program Provide meaningful work opportunities designed to increase the employability of inmates Additionally, we are committed to continuing to employ dedicated, professional staff members, provide relevant training to those individuals, and consistently provide an environment where staff will develop to their fullest potential Every day, on every shift, in every position, we will, both individually and as an organization, strive for excellence Core Values Integrity : We uphold the highest moral principles by being honest and having strong moral uprightness. We will act with integrity in all our dealings with all of our constituents. Teamwork : We will work together for the common goal of making the Franklin County Jail the model for others to follow. We recognize that staff are our greatest resource and we will treat all staff with the utmost respect. Justice : We will work hard in supporting the justice system and treat all offenders in a fair, moral, right and merited manner. Service : We will provide the best service to those we serve. We will be fiscally sound and be good stewards of the funds given to us. We shall responsively deliver on our commitments to all of our internal and external customers. Vision : We will continue to improve jail operations and procedures. We are committed to activities that continuously improve all operations and the services we provide and by embracing a philosophy of improvement we will provide; effective services and operations. Core Ideologies Recognize that staff are our most important resource. Maintain the highest professional standards and accountability and practice sound correctional principals. Privacy Statement Protection of Visitor Information We understand the importance of privacy for visitors of our website. Our policy has been to treat what we learn about our visitors as confidential, period. We hate spam as much as anyone else and have never given out or sold anyone’s email address to any website or third party. Also we will not give or sell confidential or personal information about our customers to any third party, except as required by law or as necessary to provide services. It is our policy that your information is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide to us is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the information. We will not disclose any personal information you provide to us to another entity. However, we may disclose certain information to comply with a court order or if we have a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to identify persons violating the law by: Purchasing our services with stolen credit cards Prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit or support terrorism Tracking of Identifiable Information Our server is set up to track or collect browser/connection information about its visitors. For example, we can tell which internet service provider our visitors use, what country they’re from, if they’re using anonymous web surfing servers or if they’re using a download agent. This aggregated information is used internally to better provide services to the public and prevent fraud. Email Addresses Your email address will not be sold or given out to any third party at any time, ever. Media Relations Policy Agenda And Meeting Minutes Loading view. Today Upcoming Upcoming Select date. July 2026 Prison Board Jul 20 Franklin County Prison Board Meeting July 20 @ 8:30 am – 9:30 am August 2026 Prison Board Aug 17 Franklin County Prison Board Meeting August 17 @ 8:30 am – 9:30 am September 2026 Prison Board Sep 21 Franklin County Prison Board Meeting September 21 @ 8:30 am – 9:30 am October 2026 Prison Board Oct 19 Franklin County Prison Board Meeting October 19 @ 8:30 am – 9:30 am November 2026 Prison Board Nov 16 Franklin County Prison Board Meeting November 16 @ 8:30 am – 9:30 am December 2026 Prison Board Dec 21 Franklin County Prison Board Meeting December 21 @ 8:30 am – 9:30 am Subscribe to calendar Google Calendar iCalendar Outlook 365 Outlook Live Export .ics file Export Outlook .ics file Inmate Rights & Privileges PREA Services Inmate Communications & Commissary Victim Notification Program (SAVIN) Heather Franzoni Warden Franklin County Jail 1804 Opportunity Avenue Chambersburg, PA 17201 T: 717-264-9513 Records Fax: 717-264-6766 Work Release Fax: 717-264-8153 Medical Fax: 717-264-2082 jail@franklincountypa.gov Jail Commissioners Salute Franklin County’s Correctional Officers, Jail Employees May 07, 2026 CHAMBERSBURG, Pa. – The Franklin County Commissioners have proclaimed May 3-9, 2026, to be National Correctional Officers and Employees Week... All Jail News ×