Sheriff | Canyon County About 2C Communications News Contact Kieran Donahue SHERIFF Non-Emergency Dispatch: (208) 454-7531 The Canyon County Sheriff’s Office is a full-service law enforcement agency responsible for covering approximately 602 square miles. We provide all aspects of law enforcement: jail, civil processing, disaster services, driver’s licensing, concealed weapons permits, and emergency dispatching. It is the mission of the Canyon County Sheriff’s Office to provide our community with the highest quality law enforcement possible, with a professional, friendly, and helpful attitude toward the citizens we are sworn to serve. CLICK HERE FOR SHERIFF'S PUBLIC RECORDS REQUEST s Emergency Notification U Offender Watch Other Quick Links links below are PDFs Child Abduction Response Team (C.A.R.T.) Idaho State Sheriff’s Association Civil Forms Civil Service Fees and Requirements Eviction Handout Civil Instruction Sheet Sheriff’s Sale Requirements Claim of Exemption Records Forms Citizens Report of Property Crime Identity Theft Form Walk-In Accident Report Witness Statement Public Record Request Form Theft Prevention Tips Construction Theft Prevention Commercial Burglary Prevention Residential Burglary Prevention Package Theft Prevention Public Notice of Sheriff's Sale Sheriff’s Sale Requirements There are currently no Sheriff’s Sales scheduled at this time. Please check back periodically for notice of upcoming Sheriff’s Sales. *NOTICE: The highest bidder must bring certified funds to the Sheriff’s Office within 2 hours after the sale concludes (Pre-approval letters will not be accepted). Idaho Code 11-305. REFUSAL TO PAY PURCHASE-MONEY – RESALE. If a purchaser refuses to pay the amount bid by him for property struck off to him at a sale under execution, the officer may again sell the property at any time to the highest bidder, and if any loss be occasioned thereby, the officer may recover the amount of such loss, with costs, from the bidder so refusing, in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Sheriff’s Office is interested in the concerns of the communities and citizens we serve. And as such, in an attempt to better understand and address current issues in our jurisdiction, we have asked for your assistance in providing us with information that will allow us to better serve you. Please provide the information in the form below: Your Concerns Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name First Last Email address: Phone Please state your concerns: Address related to concern (if applicable) Street Address Address Line 2 City State / Province / Region ZIP / Postal Code Follow us on Facebook and Instagram! OFFICE NEWS (VIDEO)—14th Annual Canyon County Law Enforcement Memorial Ceremony May 21, 2026 In honor of Idaho’s fallen law enforcement officers, Sheriff Kieran Donahue and the Canyon County Sheriff’s Office held the 14th annual Canyon County Law Enforcement Memorial Ceremony on Friday, May 15, at The Center at the Canyon County Fair. The ceremony is held... Three Individuals Charged In Connection With Smuggling Operation To Bring Drugs Into The Canyon County Detention Center Dec 4, 2025 The Canyon County Sheriff’s Office (CCSO) has arrested three individuals in connection with a coordinated effort to smuggle methamphetamine into the Canyon County Detention Center. The investigation resulted in the arrests of: Maria Isabel Calderon, 38, of Caldwell... CCSO warns residents to beware of phone spoofing scam Mar 20, 2025 March 20, 2025—The Canyon County Sheriff’s Office (CCSO) has recently received several reports in which citizens were defrauded of money by a phone scam. The citizens reported they were told they had missed a court date and a warrant would be issued for their arrest... Canyon County Board of Commissioners Exploring Plans for a New Women’s Jail Facility Feb 21, 2025 The Board of County Commissioners (BOCC) is beginning discussions on developing a new, permanent jail facility for female inmates in Canyon County. Historically, female inmates were housed in the Dale Haile Detention Center. Due to overcrowding, in 2019, the County... Want to submit a commendation/complaint? Click Here Kieran Donahue Canyon County Sheriff Sheriff Home: Sheriff Current Arrests Jail Roster Administration Alternative Sentencing Intake Forms Detention Center Drivers License Concealed Weapons Permit Emergency Management Patrol – Dispatch – Investigations Victim Witness Unit Sex Offender Suicide Prevention Civil & Records Warrants Unit Training FY2025 PAY SCALE FOR SWORN PERSONNEL  Address 1115 Albany St Rm.137 Caldwell, ID 83605  Email sheriffsoffice@canyoncounty.id.gov  Phone P 208-454-7510 } Hours Weekdays 8am – 5pm (excluding holidays) = Non-Emergency Dispatch 208-454-7531 = NOTICE ATTORNEYS: If you have a client in custody within our facility and would like your calls to or from your client to be without charge and protected from recording and or monitoring please contact classifications at 208-454-6603.