Home - Maricopa County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Maricopa County Sheriff's Office Non-emergency: 602-876-1011 In-progress Crime or Emergency: 9-1-1 Do you have information about a crime? Send us a TIP . To submit a public records request, send an email to [email protected] If you are a member of the media, send public records request to [email protected] Facebook Maricopa County Sheriff's Office Twitter Tweets by MCSOAZ Instagram View this profile on Instagram Maricopa County Sheriff's Office Offender Watch Notice PLEASE NOTE: The initial phase of our OffenderWatch(r) implementation includes the following participating jurisdictions: Avondale Police Department Buckeye Police Department Glendale Police Department Goodyear Police Department Mesa Police Department Peoria Police Department. Tempe Police Department. Unincorporated areas of Maricopa County (jurisdiction of the Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office). Only addresses and offenders in the preceeding jurisdictional areas are provided in the mapping and email alerting functions at this time. All remaining jurisdictions in the county may be on-line soon. Close Offender Watch Notice PLEASE NOTE: The initial phase of our OffenderWatch(r) implementation includes the following participating jurisdictions: Avondale Police Department Buckeye Police Department Glendale Police Department Goodyear Police Department Mesa Police Department Peoria Police Department. Tempe Police Department. Unincorporated areas of Maricopa County (jurisdiction of the Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office). Only addresses and offenders in the preceeding jurisdictional areas are provided in the mapping and email alerting functions at this time. All remaining jurisdictions in the county may be on-line soon. Click to Proceed × Raids Online PLEASE NOTE: Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office has partnered with BAIR Analytics to provide public crime mapping to their public through RAIDS Online. RAIDS Online makes it easier for Maricopa County residents to keep track of crime in their area. BAIR offers the public crime mapping service at absolutely no cost to the department or the public as a way to give back to the community. Maricopa County Sheriff is the 5th agency in the Phoenix area to take advantage of the free service. Any city or county in Arizona can provide public crime mapping and anonymous tips to their public through www.raidsonline.com at no cost. RAIDS Online syncs with the Maricopa County’s crime records system to automatically upload crime information and keep it updated on the map. Maricopa County residents can view crimes near their home, school, work or other area of interest. Citizens who use RAIDS Online to become aware of crime trends can make more informed decisions regarding where they live, shop, play, send their kids to school and other important choices regarding their personal safety. In addition to a map of crime, RAIDS Online allows citizens to sign up for daily or weekly email reports of recent crime activity. This allows the public to stay informed about crime simply by logging into their email system. The reports list each crime within a certain distance from the user’s address for the past day or week. A sign up from on the RAIDS Online website makes it easy for residents to sign up for reports. BAIR offers RAIDS Online as a free service to any law enforcement agency who wishes to participate. At present, most agencies spend thousands of dollars annually to provide even the most basic crime map to their community. Maricopa County is providing this service to the public at absolutely no cost to the department. INFORMATIONAL ONLY - The information displayed in this Site is susceptible to some degree of error due to the collection, entry, and geoprocessing of the data. No warranty, representation, or guarantee whatsoever is made or implied regarding the content, accuracy (including, without limitation, geographic accuracy), timeliness, completeness, or sequence of any of the information contained in this Site. Neither you, nor any other person, should rely on the data provided herein for any reason. The information is provided strictly as a courtesy to the public. Click to Proceed ×