Sheriff's Office / Huntington County, Indiana Skip over navigation Start Content Search Submit Sheriff's Office Huntington County Sheriff’s Office The Huntington County Sheriff’s Office shall provide the most professional, effective and courteous police service possible, at all times, ALWAYS! The protection of life and property will be our primary focus. We will uphold and defend the federal Constitution and Indiana State Constitution. We will address crimes and offenders with diligent, conscientious and proactive initiatives. We will assist the public and all police agencies at any time and in any manner possible. We shall regard our office as a public trust and in the discharge of our duties, be constantly mindful of our primary obligation to serve the public efficiently and effectively. We shall administer the law and our duties in a just, impartial and reasonable manner regardless of an individual’s race, sex, sexual orientation, religion, age, color or disability. Sheriff Christian E. Newton Sheriff Chris Newton Chris was born and raised in Huntington, Indiana. He graduated Huntington North High School in 1990. After graduation, he attended EMT training schools in Bluffton, Delaware County and Huntington Memorial Hospital, and served as a paramedic in Huntington and Whitley Counties. He joined the Huntington County Sheriff's Office as a reserve deputy in 1995 and graduated from the Indiana Law Enforcement Academy in 1998. Upon graduation from the Law Enforcement Academy, he was hired as a full-time deputy with the Huntington County Sheriff's Office. Newton has been a road officer, K-9 officer, detective and chief deputy, which he served as for eight years. He was also assigned to the Allen County Drug Task Force. Newton graduated the Huntington County Leadership Academy in 2006. In 2012, Newton started a youth camp in Huntington County called Camp H.E.R.O. (Honor, Excellence, Respect & Opportunity). This is a week-long camp for kids between the ages of 8 and 13, where they are taught all facets of emergency services. The purpose of the camp is to increase communication and forge friendships between kids and those in emergency services. Counselors are made up of County Sheriff's Deputies, City Police, State Police, Town Marshalls, Conservation Officers, EMT personnel and the Fire Department. In 2016, Newton attended the FBI National Academy in Quantico, VA-Class #246. Chris currently serves on the following Board of Directors for the following organization: Huntington County Leadership Program Red Cross Police Athletic League (PAL) School Safety Committee Youth Services Bureau Emergency Management Boys & Girls Club Local Anti-Drug Coalition Efforts Indiana Sheriff's Association Chris was elected to serve as YOUR Sheriff in November 2018. Follow Sheriff's Department on Facebook Find More Choose one of the links under "In This Department" for a specific topic. To find information related to the Huntington County Jail – operated by the Sheriff's Office – please visit the Jail section of our website. View Sex Offender Data Online Offender Watch Visit the Indiana Offender Watch website for offender tracking and public safety resources. VINE: Victim Information & Notification Click the image to search for offenders in Indiana’s county jail system using VINELink. Category Details Phone Numbers 911: Emergency only Main Office: (260) 356-2520 – 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Dispatch: (260) 356-8316 – 24 hours Jail Station: (260) 356-3110 – 24 hours Fax Numbers Main Office: (260) 358-4877 Dispatch: (260) 358-2670 Online Forms Report an Anonymous Tip Address Advisory Form Useful Links Forms Useful Links Basic Handgun Safety Forms Eviction Procedure Contact Us 332 E State St Huntington, IN 46750 Get Directions Phone: (260) 356-2520 Fax: (260) 358-4877 Staff Directory Hours: 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday Topics of Interest Jump to a topic or subtopic Make a Selection Chief Deputy Communications Crime Prevention Tips Criminal History Checks Evictions Gun Permits Records Tax Warrants Sheriff Sales A Look Inside the Sheriff's Office D.A.R.E. Program Boards & Commissions Topic Home More Information Find content and services related to this page. Jump to a content archive Make a Selection Action Center Document Center - Helpful Pages - Forms & Applications Language Translation