Home | Waukesha County This website uses cookies to enhance usability and provide you with a more personal experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy . Agree Expand Search Waukesha County, WI Popular Contact Us We'd love to hear from you! Please click here to get in touch with us for any inquiries, feedback, or support. Property Taxes Click to view Property Tax Records Courts Welcome to the Waukesha County Circuit Courts web site. Parks Waukesha County Park System is an 8,500-acre, natural resources-based system with diverse landscapes. Inmate List Find information about inmates incarcerated at the facility, including their current status, location, and upcoming court dates. Careers Click here to view a list of current career opportunities. Applications Licenses and Permits Click this link for a description of the permit or process and for access to the appropriate forms. Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Maps Click to view our collection of interactive GIS Maps. News and Notices Courthouse Public Entrance to Close for Construction About the project: The Waukesha County Courthouse remodeling project is a four-year effort to modernize the courthouse, improve safety and security, enhance customer service and wayfinding, and create a more efficient public facility. The project follows completion of the secure courts tower and includes a new public entrance, upgraded security lobby, and new County Boardroom, with an estimated total cost of approximately $114 million. News Feed New County Clerk Georgia Maxwell Takes Oath of Office As County Clerk, Georgia Maxwell will serve residents by helping to oversee key public functions, such as countywide election cycles and supporting transparent, efficient county government operations. Jun 08, 2026 County Clerk Featured News News Releases Highway Construction Begins June 8 County crews will begin work June 8, 2026 across Pewaukee, Waukesha and the Town of Brookfield to make necessary road improvements. Jun 01, 2026 Featured News News Releases Highway Projects County Mourns Loss of Clerk Meg Wartman Waukesha County Clerk Meg Wartman has lost her battle with cancer. In January, Wartman made the difficult decision to retire mid-term following a 2024 diagnosis of colorectal cancer. Apr 24, 2026 News Releases Featured News View All News County Calendars Upcoming Events Jun 26 Adult/Senior Skate (Naga-Waukee) Jun 26 Public Ice Skating (Naga-Waukee) Jun 27 HHW Collection (Menomonee Falls) Jun 27 HHW Collection (Waukesha) Jun 27 Waukesha County Fair Association Cat and Small Animal Show View All Upcoming Events Upcoming Meetings Jul 16 Public Works Committee Jul 16 Health and Human Services Committee Jul 17 Judiciary and Law Enforcement Committee Jul 20 Executive Committee Jul 21 Land Use, Parks and Environment Committee View All Upcoming Meetings Connect FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA County Podcast Click or scan to listen to GovCast , Waukesha County's Podcast Featured Parks & Trails Recycling Courts  Scroll  Back to top I Want To... Find Deeds/Land Records Tax Information Parks Road Conditions & Closures Vital Records (Birth, Death, and Marriage Certificates) Voting/Election Information Bid & Contract Opportunities A Library Pay Fees & Payments Directory Court Fines or Fees HHS Online Payments Property Taxes Child Support Bail Apply Careers Permit / License Directory Park Permit Marriage License Passport Information Attend Jury Duty Court Board & Committee Meetings Events Report Crime Fraud Claims & Complaints Ethics Violations Accessibility Issues Road Issues