Teller County Sheriff's Office | Teller County, CO Skip to Main Content Stage 2 Fire Ban Stage 2 Fire Ban In Effect More Information Search Home County Offices Teller County Sheriff's Office Teller County Sheriff's Office The mission of the Teller County Sheriff's Office is to enhance the quality of life and Teller County by working cooperatively with the diverse communities to enforce the laws of the United States Constitution and the state of Colorado. We will strive to reduce the incidences of crime, preserve the peace, and provide a safe community. It is our sworn duty to serve with dignity, honor and respect, while at all times conducting ourselves with the highest ethical standards to maintain public trust. The Sheriff's Office maintains the Detentions Facility, provides security for the County Courts, and serves various legal papers throughout the county. Join Team TCSO! The Teller County Sheriff’s Office is hiring for positions in Patrol, Detentions and Dispatch. (Colorado POST certified and non-certified) Learn More and Apply Today! Non-emergency requests, call 719-687-9652 Crime Reports Detentions Facility Inmate Search Operations Division Records Request Media Release - Sheriff Roybal, Mikesell Expand Coalition in Support of HB 24-1128 Emergency Notifications We want to make sure everyone possible in Teller County is able to receive emergency notifications that are specific to their locations. Take 3 minutes and Sign Up for Peak Alerts or view the Peak Alerts instructional video . More Info on how Peak Alerts work Once registered, the phone numbers you may receive notifications from are: Teller County Sheriff's Office: 719-387-7223 , Woodland Park Police Department: 719-354-2703 , Cripple Creek Police Department: 719-323-6532 , OR Text: 88911 Join Us! Are you ready to work in the rugged mountains and valleys of Teller County? Most of our deputies spend the majority of their time patrolling in areas that few dare to venture. We also answer calls within and outside the five incorporated areas in Teller, Cripple Creek, Victor, Florissant, Divide and Woodland Park. We patrol Gold Camp Road and Rampart Range, helping citizens learn how to shoot Learn More and Apply Today! I Want To... Apply for a Concealed Carry Permit Crime Stoppers - Anonymous Tips Get a Burn Permit Get a Certified VIN Inspection Inmate Lookup Report Code Enforcement Violations Report Illegal Narcotics Activity / Crime Tips Report Unemployment Fraud Request a House Check or Traffic Patrol Teller County Honorary Deputy Sheriff Association Scholarship HDSA Scholarship Application HDSA Program Guidelines Teller County Search and Rescue Serving all Teller County Residents! The Search and Rescue team is an all-volunteers team committed to helping anyone in their time of need. If you are interested in volunteering with this team, please complete the application and review the additional information found at the Teller County Search and Rescue website Teller County Sheriff YouTube Page This is a YouTube channel to enable Sheriff Jason Mikesell to speak directly to his constituents. Social Media Contact Us Jason Mikesell Sheriff More Information Sheriff's Office Email Physical Address 11400 US Highway 24 Divide , CO 80814 Mailing Address PO Box 27 Divide , CO 80814 Phone: 719-687-9652 Emergency Phone: 911 Amateur Radio Information (PDF) Apply for a Conceal/Carry Permit Civil Process Civilian Fingerprinting (PDF) Code Enforcement Complaints Compliments Crime Reports View All /QuickLinks.aspx Job Opportunities Public Records Request Sheriff's Office Notify Me Protect the Past… Embrace The Future P.O. Box 959 112 North A Street Cripple Creek, CO 80813 Contact Info - All Departments Home Elected Officials County Departments All Departments Phone Numbers Job Opportunities /QuickLinks.aspx Accessibility Privacy Policy and Site Disclaimer Site Map /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow