Frequently Asked Questions - CivicPlus.CMS.FAQ Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Below you will find information that might help you understand how to find things or learn about information you might need to know about your city or town. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate 12 All Content VISITOR INFORMATION Click for Visitor Information Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How can I talk with an inmate? Inmates in our facility are currently allowed to receive letters, make collect calls, and receive visitation. The facility does not take messages for inmates. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I call an inmate? Inmates are not allowed to receive calls. They may only make collect calls after the booking process. All telephone calls may be recorded. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I send mail to an inmate? Mail can be sent by addressing the correspondence to the inmate with their number (if known). An example: John Doe #000000 7445 County House Road Auburn, NY 13021 Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I email an inmate? Inmates are allowed to purchase emails from commissary. You cannot initiate an email to an inmate, however you can respond to their emails. All emails may be read. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I bail someone out of Jail? Bailing someone out can be done in person or online. In Person At the jail you will be asked for your photo identification, name, address, employer / occupation, phone number and form of payment Cash, Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover or a combination of cash and credit is accepted If paying by credit card you will be charged a non-refundable service fee through GovPayNet who handles the credit card transition Only the card holder may use the credit / debit card, no lending of cards will be allowed Online If bailing someone out online, visit GovPayNet You will need the inmate’s criminal history number, bail amount, date of birth, court or judge, and pay location code (6079). You can obtain this information by calling the facility at 315-253-2911 Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I give money to an inmate? Inmates are not permitted to have cash. You may send money to an inmate in the form of a money order made out to them and sent in the mail. There is a money kiosk in our lobby to deposit money into an inmate commissary account, for a small fee. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I notify someone about medical or mental health concerns for an inmate? Medical Concerns Medical concerns can be addressed to the medical office at 315-253-3061. Mental Health Concerns Mental health concerns can be addressed to the mental health office at 315-253-1028. Important Note Medical and mental health staff cannot discuss medical diagnosis or treatment plans. They can only listen to your concerns, they cannot give out information. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I notify someone about other concerns for an inmate? You may call 315-253-3002 to speak with a shift supervisor. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I notify someone about an inmate being sexually assaulted? You may call 315-253-1562 to speak with a Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Coordinator. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I file a complaint against an inmate? You may call 315-253-3002 to speak with a shift supervisor. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate How do I schedule to provide a DNA sample by court order? Call 315-253-1602 to schedule an appointment between the hours of 6 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate Sheriff's Office - Jail & Inmate 12 VISITOR INFORMATION How can I talk with an inmate? How do I call an inmate? How do I send mail to an inmate? How do I email an inmate? How do I bail someone out of Jail? How do I give money to an inmate? How do I notify someone about medical or mental health concerns for an inmate? How do I notify someone about other concerns for an inmate? How do I notify someone about an inmate being sexually assaulted? How do I file a complaint against an inmate? How do I schedule to provide a DNA sample by court order? Notify Me® Careers Citizen Requests Agendas & Minutes Parks DMV 160 Genesee Street Auburn, New York 13021 General Business Hours DMV Business Hours Staff Directory Real Property Services County Departments Sheriff's Office Corporate Compliance /QuickLinks.aspx Home Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow