Visitation Information | Story County, IA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Home Government Offices and Departments Sheriff’s Office Jail Information Visitation Information Visitation Information Attorney Visitation Attorneys visitation is available between 8:00 am and 11:00 am and between 1:00 pm and 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday, excluding County Holidays. No advance scheduling is needed. Requests for attorney visitation outside this time must be made to Jail Administration. Clergy Visitation Inmates wishing to visit with their clergy must submit a request to jail staff listing the name of their clergy. Clergy requested by inmates may visit b etween 8:30 am and 11:00 am and between 1:00 pm and 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday, excluding County Holidays. No advance scheduling is needed. Clergy must provide Identification and credentials at the time of the visit. Friend and Family Visitation Friends and family may visit Inmates utilizing the HomeWAV app at home or by using a provided video visitation platform located at the Story County Jail.. On-Site Friend and Family Visitation Friends and family may utilize an on-site video visitation booth Monday through Friday between 8:30am and 11am and between 1:00pm and 4:00pm. Visits must be scheduled at least 24 hours in advance by visiting HomeWAV.com . There is no cost to on-site visits. Visits are 30 minutes long. Inmates are limited to 1 on-site visits per week. Remote Friend and Family Visitation Friends and Family may visit remotely online or by using the HomeWAV Mobile App. These visits are funded by the visitor and are available to inmates daily between 8:30am and 10:00pm. Once a visitor registers with the HomeWAV system, Inmates can initiate the video visit. There is a fee for remote visitation. HomeWAV Help Further assistance with the HomeWAV system can be obtained on their website HomeWAV.com/Video-Tutorials or by calling 1-314-764-2872. Visitation Rules All Visits are recorded and are subject to monitoring by Sheriff's Office Staff All visitors must register and provide the required Valid Identification. Valid ID’s include the following : Drivers License, State ID, Federal ID, Military ID, and Passport (work and school ID’s are not acceptable). The registered visitor/inmate must be present on the call for the duration of the call. Appropriate clothing shall be worn by both the inmate and visitor during the entire duration of the video visit. No nudity--this includes pictures/images shown on camera. No see-through clothing or excessively revealing clothing (such as underwear or swim wear). All clothing shall be worn in the way it is intended to be worn. Inmates are not permitted to allow other inmates to join or take part in their video visit. Three way calling is prohibited. Using loud provocative, obscene, racial, or abusive language during the video visit is prohibited. Inmates shall not tamper with or damage jail visitation equipment. While using video visitation inmates and visitors are subject to all Laws and Regulations (example –No Contact Orders). Visitors who are wanted, subject to a protective order with the inmate, or are a threat to the security of the jail will not be approved Only one approved adult visitors may visit a person at one time. Up to two approved minor children of an inmate may visit with the adult visitor. Inmates have the right to refuse any visit. Inmates may be denied visitation privileges for disciplinary reasons. Failure to follow these video visitation rules and guidelines may result in the termination of the current visit, revocation of future visitation privileges, disciplinary action, and appropriate legal action. What can I take with me during an in-person visit? All visitors are subject to search. Wheelchairs, walkers, canes, and other necessary devices will also be searched. The following items are not allowed in the inmate visitation area: Strollers and infant carriers. Food or drink, books, magazines, photographs, papers, and writing materials. Coats and other loose fitting outerwear, hats and other headgear, sunglasses, cell phones and other electronic devices, purses, pocket knives, weapons, and other similar objects. Clothing that includes profanity; advocates violence; has sexually suggestive words, phrases, or images; or is excessively revealing. Lockers are provided for storage of personal belongings during visitation. Can I leave money or other items for an inmate during a visit? You may leave money for an inmates commissary account for snack and other items using U.S. currency, or credit card by utilizing the kiosk in the Jail Lobby. Cashiers checks and money orders may be sent in by mail. Personal and third-party checks, coins, and foreign currency are not accepted. The status of an inmate's commissary account will not be revealed to visitors. All money on an inmates account belongs to the inmate. An inmate cannot make purchases if his/ her account is below zero or if the account will go below zero with a purchase. Money will not be refunded once deposited on an inmates account. Visitors may place any amount of funds on an inmates account. Books, magazines, bibles, or other items will not be accepted. Gifts, packages jewelry and other p ersonal property will not be accepted. Prescriptions, including corrective lenses and contacts, may be accepted during business hours. Can I pick up items from an inmate? Inmates may release property held by the jail to a person of the inmate's choosing. Inmates must fill out a Property Release Form detailing the property to be released and identifying the person to whom it is to be released. Individuals picking up inmate property must present a photo ID and sign for the property. . Property Search Online Payments Animal Control Administration Building 900 Sixth Street Nevada, IA 50201 Administration Building Phone: (515) 382-6581 County Departments Elected Officials Employee Login Story County Transparency Department Hours & Directory Wellmark Iowa Workforce Development IPERS /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Disclaimer /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow