Sheriff | Colusa County, CA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff Notice: The Colusa County Sheriff’s Office is currently applying for OHV Grant Funds. A public comment period regarding the application is available at the OHV Website under the “Grants” tab beginning March 1st, 2025 through May 5th, 2025. Mission Statement The Colusa County Sheriff’s Department is dedicated to providing quality policing services to the community. We are committed to the protection of life, property and the rights of our citizens in a fair, impartial and positive manner. We will endeavor to create a working relationship with the citizens to identify, address and solve community problems and concerns. We will strive to meet the ever changing needs of the community. We will be active, innovative and progressive to enhance the services the Sheriff’s Department provides to our community. We will take action to deter criminal activity through commitment dedication and teamwork. We will strive to maintain the highest ethical and moral standards. We will recognize our weaknesses and strive to overcome them. Our personal satisfaction comes from solving the problems within our community. The community’s satisfaction with our services is the single greatest measure of our success. Divisions The Colusa County Sheriff's Department is comprised of the following divisions: Administrative Services Civil Services Fiscal Services Records Documents Correctional Services Court Security Jail Field Services Animal Control Boating Safety Unit Coroner Investigations Narcotics Task Force Off Highway Vehicles Patrol Property and Evidence School Resource SOAR Support Services Dispatch Emergency Services Contact Us Joe Garofalo Sheriff Coroner Contact Sheriff Joe Garofalo Phone: (530) 458-0208 Sheriff Physical Address 929 Bridge Street Colusa , CA 95932 Phone: (530) 458-0200 Fax: (530) 458-4697 Hours 24 hours a day, 7 days a week Directory Amber Alert Help for Crime Victims Megan's Law /QuickLinks.aspx Where may I file a crime report? How can I obtain a copy of a report I filed with the sheriff's office? Who can visit the jail? /FAQ.aspx Employment Bids Notify Me® County of Colusa 547 Market Street Colusa, CA 95932 Call Us Email Us More contact info > Emergency Preparedness RAVE Mobile Safety Regional Directory National Health Service-Corps Site Promise Report a Website Error Water Resources Title VI Program Legal Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow