Sheriff's Office - Official Website of Barnes County, North Dakota Skip to content Fee Listing(PDF) Registered Sex Offenders List Submit anonymous Tip NDDOT Crash Reports(PDF) Current Warrant Listing(PDF) Sheriff’s Office Barnes County Sheriff’s Office 230 4th St NW Rm: 105 Valley City, ND 58072 Phone : 701-845-8530 Fax : 701-845-0002 Multi-Hazard Mitigation Survey! Click or scan the QR Code to take the survey. Back Accessibility Commitment for Barnes County At Barnes County , we are committed to making our digital presence as accessible and inclusive as reasonably possible for all users, including individuals with disabilities. Our goal is to improve the usability of https://www.barnescounty.us and to support a more accessible experience for everyone, regardless of their abilities or the technologies they use. Our Approach to Accessibility We aim to align with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which define internationally recognized standards for digital accessibility. While full compliance cannot always be guaranteed, we strive to implement improvements where feasible and regularly review accessibility-related aspects of our website. Accessibility is an ongoing process, and we are committed to improving the experience over time as technologies, standards, and user needs evolve. Accessibility Features To support accessibility, https://www.barnescounty.us may utilize tools such as the OneTap accessibility toolbar. This interface provides users with a range of helpful features, including: Adjustable text size and contrast settings Highlighting of links and text for better visibility Full keyboard navigation of the toolbar interface Please note the following: The availability and effectiveness of these features depend on the website's configuration and ongoing maintenance. While we strive to ensure accessibility, we cannot guarantee that every part of https://www.barnescounty.us will be fully accessible at all times. Some content may be provided by third parties or affected by technical constraints beyond our immediate control. How long do you want to hide the toolbar? Hide Toolbar Duration Only for this session 24 hours A Week Not Now Hide Toolbar Select your accessibility profile Vision Impaired Mode Enhances website's visuals Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color ADHD Friendly Mode Focused browsing, distraction-free Blindness Mode Reduces distractions, improves focus Epilepsy Safe Mode Dims colors and stops blinking Content Modules Font Size + Default - Readable Font Line Height + Default - Cursor Letter Spacing Align Text Font Weight Color Modules Light Contrast High Contrast Monochrome Orientation Modules Reading Line Reading Mask Hide Images Highlight Content Stop Animations Highlight Links Skip To Content Choose... Main Content Navigation Footer Reset Settings