Inmate Mail | Santa Fe County Inmate Mail How to Send Mail to Inmates To prevent introduction of drugs and contraband, Santa Fe County Detention has updated their process for sending mail to inmates. All inmate personal mail will be sent to a central processing facility, not to the Jail where an inmate is housed. At this JailATM.com mail processing facility, mail will be opened, scanned and sent to the inmate digitally to the inmate at the facility. No parcel packages will be processed, and inmates will not receive them. EFFECTIVE (September 1, 2024) , All inmate mail should be mailed to the following address utilizing existing jail facility mail rules. Download (English) (Español) NEW PERSONAL MAIL ADDRESS JailATM.com Santa Fe County Detention Center, NM (Inmate Name, Inmate Number) P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 Effective (September 1, 2024), ALL PERSONAL MAIL for inmates addressed directly to Santa Fe County Detention Center will be returned to sender. Legal Mail Legal mail must be mailed DIRECTLY to the jail and must be sent by a legally approved Licensed Attorney of Record. Legal Mail ONLY Name of Attorney or Firm of Record Inmate Name/Inmate Number Santa Fe County Detention Center 28 Camino Justicia Santa Fe, NM 87508 Business and Transactional Documents Business and Transactional documents must be mailed directly to the jail facility. These include: Checks Alien Registration Card/Green Card Passbooks Welfare Card Deposit Slips Medical Card Birth Certificates School Diplomas Social Security Cards Personal Identification Card Driver's License To mail official documents, use this address: Attn: Business Office Inmate Name/Inmate Number Santa Fe County Detention Center 28 Camino Justicia Santa Fe, NM 87508 Official documents sent directly to the institution will not be delivered to the inmate. Any document sent to the personal mail address will be returned to sender. Mail Regulations for Inmates at Santa Fe County Detention Center All inmates are permitted to send and receive mail. Mail can be sent to anyone EXCEPT: victims of your crime, current inmates, former inmates, parolees, probationers, co-defendants, current or former Jail employees, current or former contract employees, current or former volunteers, anyone who has an active Protection from Abuse Order against the inmate that prohibits such contact. No parcel packages will be accepted for inmates and will be rejected and returned to the sender.