Sheriff's Department — Tucker County Commission 0 Skip to Content Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Sheriff’s Department Tucker County Sheriff’s Department Information Tucker County Sheriff’s Department Jacob “Jake” Kopec, Sheriff of Tucker County, sheriff@tuckercountycommission.com 215 First Street Parsons, WV 26287 Telephone : 304.478.2321 Hours : 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday thru Friday The Tucker County sheriff serves as the chief law enforcement officer, charged with the responsibility of policing the county and keeping the peace, including the power to make arrests. The Sheriff also serves as the Treasurer of the county and collects all taxes levied by the county. To assist the Sheriff in the performance of his/her duties, law enforcement deputies, tax deputies and legal process deputies may be employed. The Sheriff’s duties include: Serve and execute all returns, notices and processes issued by the courts which must be served in the county Act as bailiff in court proceedings Enforce court orders Administer transportation of prisoners, mental patients, and extraditions Issue licenses to citizens who apply for a concealed weapons permit Administer the financial matters of adults who are unable to do so for themselves Collect all state, county, municipal and school taxes; disburse money to appropriate agencies Maintain all tax records Enforce payment of delinquent taxes Documents Click here to access Tucker County personal and property tax records Tucker County Sheriffs Office Monthly Report: April 2022 Concealed Carry Information Firearms Handbook Concealed Carry Application Staff Chief Deputy: Justin Sigley – jsigley@tuckercountycommission.com Deputy – School Resource Officer: Lt. C. Teter – cteter@tuckercountycommission.com Deputy: Sgt. T. Zirk – bzirk@tuckercountycommission.com Deputy: Cpl. C. Summerfield – csummerfield@tuckercountycommission.com Deputy: B. Gidley – bgidley@tuckercountycommission.com Bailiff / Service of Process: Bailiff /Tax Deputy: Slayter Liller – sliller@tuckercountycommission.com Bookkeeper/Tax Deputy: Becky Polomski – rpolomski@tuckercountycommission.com Chief Tax Deputy: Amy Mullenax – amullenax@tuckercountycommission.com Process Server: Ernie Nestor Security Officers: Zachary Long, Jr. Parker Bennett Our County Government Agendas Resources Meetings Calendar Announcements Elections Contact Tucker County Commission 211 First St, Suite 307 Parsons, WV 26287 304.478.2866 , Ext. 1207 2025. Tucker County Commission. All Rights Reserved. built with ♡ by gabby scribes