STATE OF ALASKA 
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS 
INTERIM POLICY AND PROCEDURES MEMORANDUM 
APPROVED BY: 
 
Jennifer Winkelman, Commissioner 
DATE: 
 
12/19/2025 
PAGE: 
 
Page 1 of 7 
MEMO TYPE: 
Public 
MEMO TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail Provisions (P&P 810.03) 
MEMO ATTACHMENTS / FORMS: 
Prisoner Mail Action Form, 810.03a (rev 12.19.25) 
AUTHORITY / REFERENCES: 
22 AAC 05.520 (effective 12/07/2025) 
 
 
 
 
PURPOSE: 
 
 The purpose of this Interim Policy and Procedures Memorandum (IPPM) is to re peal specific policy content 
contained in Department of Corrections (DOC) P&P 810.03 ( Prisoner Mail) and add a new section with new 
content.  
 
APPLICATION: 
 
This IPPM applies to all department employees and prisoners with regard to the processing of prisoner mail. 
 
EXISTING DOC POLICY & PROCEDURES MODIFIED: 
 
The following sections , subsections , and definitions in DOC P&P 810.03 are hereby REPEALED ( repealed 
sections, subsections and definitions will be denoted by strikethrough on policy): 
 
Definitions: 
Inflammatory Material 
 
Section I: subsections D, E, H, I, J, K, L, M;  
Section II: section in its entirety; 
Section III: section in its entirety; 
Section IV: section in its entirety; 
Section V: section in its entirety; 
Section VI: section in its entirety; 
Section VII: section in its entirety; and 
Section X: section in its entirety;

MEMO TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail Provisions (P&P 810.03) 
MEMO TYPE: 
Public 
PAGE: 
Page 2 of 7 
 
 
 
 
NEW PROCEDURES: 
XII.  
A. Prisoner Mail Provisions: 
1. Prisoners are authorized to send and receive mail via the United States Postal Service (USPS). The 
department may impose limits on the volume of incoming and outgoing mail for prisoners engaged 
in apparent business-related activities. 
2. Correspondence, by mail, is permitted unless restricted by this policy, applicable Alaska Statute, 
and/or Alaska Administrative Code.   
3. The department shall: 
a. Inspect and review prisoner mail for contraband and materials limited or prohibited by this 
policy, applicable Alaska Statute, and/or Alaska Administrative Code.   
b. Destroy incoming or outgoing prisoner mail if the sender cannot be identified and complete 
notification requirements in (J).  
c. Return incoming prisoner mail, to sender, if recipient cannot be identified. 
d. Deliver prisoner mail in a manner that ensures receipt only by the intended recipient. 
e. Categorized prisoner mail as follows:  
i. Privileged Mail; 
ii. Prisoner-to-Prisoner Mail; or 
iii. General Mail. 
4. Forward prisoner mail for one (1) year following the transfer, or release, of a prisoner.  
B. Mail Processing Timelines: 
1. Inspect incoming mail, subject to inspection or review, within forty-eight (48) hours, excluding 
weekends and holidays. 
2. Outgoing mail shall be collected from designated mail receptacles at least once per weekday, 
excluding holidays. 
C. Privileged Mail: 
1. Privileged mail shall be any prisoner mail correspondence that is both clearly marked and addressed, 
going to or coming from, the following individuals or organizations: 
a. Governor of Alaska; 
b. Attorney General of Alaska; 
c. Members of the U.S. Congress for Alaska; 
d. Alaska Legislators; 
e. Any court in Alaska or the United States; 
f. Commissioner, Alaska Department of Corrections; 
g. Alaska Board of Parole, Chair; 
h. State Ombudsman; 
i. Licensed attorneys in the United States;

MEMO TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail Provisions (P&P 810.03) 
MEMO TYPE: 
Public 
PAGE: 
Page 3 of 7 
 
 
 
j. Prisoner’s physician of record; 
k. Division assigned Occupational Licensing functions in the Department of Commerce, 
Community, and Economic; 
l. Alaska Human Rights Commission; 
m. Legal rights organizations (e.g., American Civil Liberties Union, National Prison Law 
Project, Alaska Legal Services); 
n. Division of Elections, Office of the Governor; 
o. Department of Corrections Grievance and Facility Standards Administrator; or  
p. Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Coordinator in the Department of Labor and 
Workforce Development, Division of Vocational rehabilitation. 
2. Privileged mail shall be opened only in the presence of the prisoner and may be searched only for 
contraband. Content shall not be read but may be scanned to verify its status as privileged mail, 
unless at the time of inspection it is determined to not be privileged mail.  
3. Privileged mail may be photocopied, except for official legal documents from privileged 
persons/organizations as listed in (XII) (C) (1) (e), (h), (i), (j), (l), (m), and (n). Photocopies of 
documents shall be black and white and photographs in color. Originals shall be destroyed only after 
the prisoner verifies there are no pages missing from the photocopy. 
 
D. Prisoner-to-Prisoner Mail: 
1. Mail between prisoners may be read and inspected for content. 
a. When prisoner-to-prisoner mail is inspected for content, the receiving prisoner shall be 
notified, in writing, the first-time any such mail, between two (2) inmates, is read. The notice 
shall include that the mail was read due to its status as prisoner-to-prisoner mail and that 
future reading of mail, between those prisoners, may be conducted without further notice.  
2. Restriction of prisoner-to-prisoner mail may be imposed on a case-by-case basis when restriction is 
required for an individual’s safety or institutional security concern. Any such restriction shall be no 
broader than necessary to address the specific safety and/or security concern. 
 
E. General Mail Inspection: 
1. General mail may be opened outside the presence of the prisoner. 
2. The Department may: 
a. Search for contraband. 
b. Inspect content for prohibited materials or content that threatens an individual’s safety or 
security of the facility. 
c. Photocopy the envelope and contents. Photocopies of documents shall be in black and white 
and original documents shall be stored securely for seven (7) working days before 
destruction.  
F. Mail Format Requirements: 
1. Envelopes for incoming and outgoing mail, except mail from an approved vendor, publisher, 
treatment facility, healthcare provider, or marked as privileged mail, must comply with the following 
requirements:

MEMO TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail Provisions (P&P 810.03) 
MEMO TYPE: 
Public 
PAGE: 
Page 4 of 7 
 
 
 
a. Envelopes must be white, commercially produced, and no larger than 9”x12” in size. 
b. Envelopes must not be made of cardboard, padded, corrugated, or tear-resistant material or be 
constructed of heavyweight paper or with a security screening feature. 
c. Envelopes must not contain items affixed with adhesive, including address labels and stickers, 
other than necessary postage. 
d. The return address on the envelope for outgoing mail must only have return address 
(consisting of the prisoner's committed name, offender number, return address), the addressee's 
name and address, and sufficient U.S. postage. 
2. Incoming mail must be on regular weight white paper that is lined or unlined. Other types of paper are 
prohibited. 
3. Prisoners may not receive, by mail, any more than ten (10) photographs each day and photographs 
must be: 
a. No larger than 4" x 6" in size; 
b. Have no adhesive or magnetic backing; 
c. Be received from a designated vendor; and 
d. Not violate mail content restrictions. 
4. Digital, magnetic, or optical media, may only be received as part of privileged mail.  
a. Such items shall be seized and stored in the prisoner’s property.  
b. A seizure report shall be completed and provided to the prisoner.  
i. Such notice shall include information on how to request access to the seized 
media/storage device.   
5. Monetary gifts, or funds, received through the United States Postal Service (USPS), shall: 
a. Only be accepted from a sender who is on the prisoner’s approved visitor list, is a verified 
immediate family member, or a government agency, tribal entity, or a business designated or 
approved by the department; and 
b. Be in the form of cashier’s check or money order with the sender’s name listed, when received 
from an approved visitor or verified immediate family member; or in the form of a check, or 
other approved negotiable instrument, when received from a government agency, tribal entity or 
a business designated or approved by the department. 
i. Anonymous donations, or monetary gifts, or cash shall be disposed of per 22 AAC 
05.570.

MEMO TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail Provisions (P&P 810.03) 
MEMO TYPE: 
Public 
PAGE: 
Page 5 of 7 
 
 
 
ii. Be subject to monthly deposit limits, unless funds in excess of monthly limits, received 
from a government agency, tribal entity, or a business designated or approved by the 
department, have been approved by the department. 
iii. Any authorized monetary gifts received by cashier’s check or money order, or 
authorized funds received by check, or other approved negotiable instrument, shall be 
forwarded for deposit in the prisoner’s Offender’s Trust Account (OTA) and a receipt 
issued to the prisoner. 
iv. Any unauthorized monetary gifts or funds, shall not be delivered and shall not be 
placed in the Offender’s Trust Account. Additionally, the gift or funds shall be returned 
to sender, at the prisoner’s expense.  
v. When unauthorized monetary gifts, unauthorized funds, or anonymous donations are 
received, in prisoner mail and not delivered, the prisoner shall be notified in accordance 
with notification requirements in section (J). 
6. Prisoners shall be required to pay for postage unless indigent. 
a. Indigent prisoners may mail up to five (5) pieces of mail each week, at the department’s 
expense (subject to weight limits of two (2) pounds each). Additional privileged mail, to include 
legal mail for pending litigation, can be approved. 
7. A prisoner approved to send registered or certified mail for any reason shall be required to pay all 
applicable fees. However, fees for registered or certified mailing for a summons and complaint for legal 
proceedings, for indigent prisoners, shall be paid by the department. 
G. Prohibited Mail: 
1. Incoming mail is prohibited if it: 
a. Lacks a return address that contains, at a minimum, the sender’s first initial, full last name, and 
mailing address. 
    b. Has unauthorized or insufficient postage. 
c. Is taped, pasted, or joined to another item (unless applied by security staff) or has any items 
affixed with adhesive. 
d. Includes drawings or uses a writing medium other than blue or black ink or graphite pencil.  
f. Contains:  
i. Contraband; 
ii. Additional mail from outside the sender’s immediate family; 
iii. Material that:

MEMO TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail Provisions (P&P 810.03) 
MEMO TYPE: 
Public 
PAGE: 
Page 6 of 7 
 
 
 
a. Is sexually explicit; 
b. Could reasonably be expected to aid an escape, incite/encourage any form of 
violence, or threaten institutional security; 
c. Correctional fluid or tape, paint, warped paper, powder, lipstick, a foreign or 
unknown substance, an unusual stain, body fluid, perfume, incense, or oil; 
d. A non-commercially produced or multi-fold greeting card, or a card made of non-
standard card stock, or has embellishments or exceeds 6”x8” inches in size; 
e. A personal check, cash, or solicits gifts, money, credit, or an unauthorized contractual 
purchase (except for contractual purchase of materials authorized in 22 AAC 05.510); 
f. A hard-bound or leather-bound book (including a Bible); 
g. Tattoo information or templates; 
h. Non-privileged electronic media or storage devices; or 
i. A hard-bound or leather-bound book (to include Bibles) 
2. Outgoing mail is prohibited if it: 
a. Contains threats, plans of physical harm against a person, or other criminal activity. 
b. Contains contraband, a plan for sending contraband into or out an institution, indicates another 
activity prohibited under 22 AAC 05.400 (Prohibited Prisoner Conduct). 
     b. Is written in code that cannot be understood by the reader. 
c. Solicits gifts, money, credit, or an unauthorized contractual purchase without prior approval of 
the department. 
d. Purports to represent a business or firm or appears to be intended to conduct an authorized 
business operation, unless authorized by the commissioner or designee. 
e. Contains personal or financial information that presents a significant threat to the prisoner if 
information is discovered by another prisoner. 
f. Contains information that, if communicated, would create risk of mental or physical harm to a 
person. 
g. Contains prohibited material under 22 AAC 05.510(b). 
h. Written unnecessarily on a state or department document or instrument. 
i. Includes correspondence from other prisoners inside of an additional envelope or requests 
recipient to forward mail. 
j. Is in violation of any court order.

MEMO TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail Provisions (P&P 810.03) 
MEMO TYPE: 
Public 
PAGE: 
Page 7 of 7 
 
 
 
    H. Enforcement and Case Records: 
1. Any attempt to send prohibited mail may result in disciplinary action. 
2. Mail deemed to be a safety or security risk to the institution shall be photocopied before disposal. 
Copies of such material may be placed in the prisoner’s case record. 
3. Photocopies of non-prohibited mail may only be placed in a case record if lawfully observed by staff 
and relevant to the prisoner’s facility adjustment or rehabilitative progress. 
4. Prisoners shall be notified within two (2) working days of any photocopied mail, under this provision, 
being placed in their case record. 
     I. Disposition of Prohibited Mail: 
1. Incoming mail containing unauthorized property or prohibited material shall be held as contraband. 
2. Prisoners have fifteen (15) days to arrange for return or destruction of the item(s). Items may be 
disposed of after thirty (30) days. 
     J. Notification and Grievance Procedures: 
1. When the department inspects mail for mail for content, or does not deliver incoming or outgoing 
mail for any reason, the department shall, within two (2) days: 
a. Notify the prisoner and sender, except that a publisher of printed material need not be notified;  
b. Any such notification shall be signed by the Superintendent; and 
c. Include the reason(s) for the action. 
2. Prisoners may file a grievance under 22 AAC 05.185 to challenge mail-related decisions.

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 1 of 17 
STATE OF ALASKA 
DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS CHAPTER: NUMBER: P&PTYPE: 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
POLICIES & PROCEDURES 
ATTACHMENTS I FORMS: 
(A.) Prisoner Mail Action Form. 
AUTHORITY/ REFERENCES: 
22 AAC 05.155 AS 34.45.280 
22 AAC 05.400 AS 34.45.370 
22 AAC 05.510 AS 44.28.030 
22 AAC 05.520 DOC P&P 302.12 
AS 33.05.010 DOC P&P 808.03 
AS 33.16.180 DOC P&P 811.05 
AS 33.30.011 DOC P&P 815.05 
AS 33.30.021 DOC P&P 1208.08 
AS 34.45 .230 DOC P&P 1208.16 
POLICY: 
I. It is the policy of the Department of Corrections (DOC) that prisoners may correspond with anyone except 
those persons and businesses limited by this policy. To that end it is the policy of the Department to have in 
place uniform procedures for the handling of prisoner mail, publication s, and packages. 
JI. It is the policy of the Department that each institution shall make an effort to ensure conscientious handling 
of prisoner's mail to prevent theft, tampering, delay , or other interference. However, the Department is not 
liable for mail, which the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or any other officially recognized mail or package 
courier system mishandles or loses. 
III. It is the policy of the Department that prisoners may receive mail, packages, and publications except as limited 
in this policy. 
APPLICATION: 
This policy and procedure will apply to all Department employees and prisoners. 
DEFINITIONS: 
As used in this policy, the following definitions shall apply: 
Business Transaction: 
A transaction involving the purchase of merchandise , commodities, or services . 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 2 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER: P&PTYPE: 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
Contraband: 
Any article or thing that a prisoner is prohibited by statute, policy, or directive from obtaining or possessing, or 
which the prisoner is not specifically authorized to obtain or possess, or which the prisoner alters without 
authorization. 
Immediate Family Member: 
Mother, father, sister, brother, son, daughter, grandparent, grandchild, stepchild, or spouse. 
lntlammatory Material: 
Material whose presence in the facility is deemed by the Department to constitute a direct and immediate threat 
to security, safety, health, good order, or discipline of the facility because it incites or advocates physical/non­
physical violence against others. 
Inspection: 
To include, but not limited to, examination or viewing, including reading or photocopying, scanning, use of drug 
dogs and x-raying. 
Mail:. 
Incoming or outgoing mail including, electronic messages, authorized by policy to be sent or received by a 
prisoner and delivered by the USPS, or any other carrier approved by the Department including, but not limited 
to, parcel service enterprises or electronic messaging services. 
Mailroom Staff; 
Department employees identified by the Superintendent or designee to handle incoming and outgoing mail within 
an institution. 
Mail Received: 
Mail is not considered to be in a received status until after the mailroom staff has made an examination for 
contraband, not to exceed 48 hours, excluding holidays and weekends. 
Money: 
Cash, money orders, personal checks, warrants, certified checks, and other remittances. 
Package: 
A completely wrapped parcel received that is more than 3/4-inch-thick regardless of other dimensions, received 
directly from the source with authorized postage. 
Photo: 
Any image or any duplication thereof, which includes any photograph scanned and printed from the internet or 
other photographs where the identity is unknown to the Department. Any graphic image sent with or attached to 
an electronic message will be considered a photo. 
Publication; 
A book or single issue of a magazine or newspaper, plus such other materials addressed to a specific prisoner as 
flyers and catalogs, received directly from the publisher. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DATED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 3 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER: P&PTYPE: 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE : 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
Publisher. Distributor. or Book Vendor: 
A business, organization, or firm that issues and makes available to the public (generally for sale and wide 
distribution) magazines, newspapers, new and used books, and other publications. 
Security Threat Group (STG): 
Any group of three or more individuals who: 
a. Have a common name, identifying symbol, or characteristic that serves to distinguish themselves from 
others; and/or 
b. Have members, affiliates, or associates who individually or collectively engage, or have engaged, in a 
pattern of illicit activity or acts of misconduct that violates Department of Corrections rules; and/or 
c. Have the potential to act in concert to present a threat, to staff, public, visitors, prisoners, or the secure 
and orderly operation of the institution. 
Security Threat Group Paraphernalia: 
Any material, documents, or items evidencing security threat group involvement, symbology, or activities (e.g., 
rosters, constitutions, structures, codes, pictures, training materials, clothing, communications, or other security 
threat group related contraband. 
Sexually ExoHcit Material; 
Any publication, drawing, photograph, film, negative, motion picture, figure, object, novelty device, recording, 
transcription, or any book, leaflet, catalog, pamphlet, magazine booklet or other item, the cover or contents of 
which pictorially depicts nudity of any gender, or that graphically depicts through text any sexually explicit 
homosexual, heterosexual, or auto-erotic sex acts including fellatio, cunnilingus, masturbation, sadism, 
sadomasochism, bondage, bestiality, excretory functions, sexual activity involving children, an unwilling 
participant, or the participant who is the subject of coercion. Frontal nudity includes the genitalia of either gender 
and/ or the female breast(s), nipple(s), areola(s), (including being visible through clothing). Rear nudity includes 
the buttock(s) and/ or anus of either gender (including being visible through clothing). 
PROCEDURES: 
I. Mailroom Staff Assignment: 
A. Assigned mailroom staff shall be responsible for reviewing prisoner's mail and for carrying out the 
procedures described in this policy. 
B. Due to the risk of exposure to drugs and other contraband, staff involved in opening and inspecting 
incoming mail shall be provided with personal protective equipment that can cover the eyes, mucus 
membranes and skin to include: 
I. A disposable medical grade surgical mask; 
2. Powder-free nitrile gloves; and 
3. Protective eye wear. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON : 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 4 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMB ER: P&PTYPE: 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
C. Assigned mailroom staff shall also be trained in procedures for opening mail as well as response 
procedures in case an unidentified substance is encountered when opening/ handling mail. Staff shall not 
be assigned to mail duties until such training has been completed. Training resources for this topic can be 
found in the Correctional Officer Field Training Program. 
D. Mail shall be delivered to prisoners in such a manner as to ensure it is received by the intended recipient 
only. A prisoner must never distribute mail or be allowed to look through mail to find their mail. 
E. Mailroom staff shall distribute and deliver prisoners' incoming mail and privileged mail (except packages 
and printed media) within 24 hours from the time the institution receives it; and staff shall pick up 
prisoners' outgoing mail within 24 hours (excluding weekends and holidays). 
F. Mailroom staff must distribute packages to prisoners within 48 hours of receipt after inspection for 
contraband (excluding weekends and holidays). 
G. Mailroom staff must distribute publications (books, newspapers, magazines, etc.) to prisoners within 48 
hours of receipt after inspection for contraband (excluding weekends and holidays). 
H. Prisoners may not enter into credit agreements, installment purchase arrangements, or other contracts 
without the approval of the Superintendent or designee. The Superintendent has the discretion to approve 
special transactions such as selling property, college loans, etc. 
I. Prisoners may not represent any business firms or conduct any type of business operation without the 
proper approval in accordance with DOC P&P 815.05, Prisoner Businesses. 
J. Superintendents or designee may authorize photocopying Prisoner-to-Prisoner and General Mail. The 
following guidelines shall apply: 
1. Photocopies shall be in black and white. 
2. A copy of the envelop shall be made, which shows the sender and recipient information . 
3. Originals shat I be stored in a secure location for 7 working days, then disposed of. 
K. Mail that is deemed to pose a safety or security risk to the institution shall be photocopied before being 
disposed of. 
L. Mail with personal or financial information presents a significant threat to the prisoner if the information 
is discovered by another prisoner. These documents should be stored in the prisoner's property, i.e., Bank 
cards, Social Security cards, Birth certificates etc. 
M. Mailroom staff shall maintain: 
1. An electronic log of all incoming and outgoing registered, insured, privileged, and certified mail to 
include the sender and recipient's name and address. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DATED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION : PAGE: 
Institutions Page 5 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER : P&PTYPE: 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE : 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
2. A weekly electronic log of prisoners who are indigent. 
3. A log of cashier's checks, money orders and cash received. 
II. General Information: 
A. The Department divides mail into three (3) categories: 
I. Privileged Mail: 
This category is defined as incoming and outgoing correspondence with the person(s) or organizations 
listed below as privileged, if the individuals are acting in their official capacities and the mail is properly 
marked "Privileged": 
a. The Alaska Human Rights Commission . 
b. Any Alaska Legislators. 
c. Any attorney licensed to practice in the United States. 
d. Any court in Alaska or of the United States. 
e. The Attorney General of Alaska. 
f. The Chairman, Alaska Board of Parole. 
g. The Commissioner, Department of Corrections. . 
h. Division of Occupational Licensing, Department of Commerce, Community and Economic 
Development. 
1. Division of Elections, Office of the Governor. 
J. The Grievance and Facility Standards Administrator, Department of Corrections. 
k. The Governor of Alaska. 
I. Members of the U.S. Congress for Alaska. 
m. The Ombudsman for the State of Alaska. 
n. The physician of record for the prisoner. 
o. The State of Alaska Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Coordinator (Division of 
Rehabilitation, Department of Labor); and 
p. Any organization, such as the American Civil Liberties Union, National Prison Law Project, or 
Alaska Legal Services Corporation, that assists persons in the exercise of their legal rights. 
2. Prisoner-to-Prisoner Mail: 
Prisoner-to-prisoner includes all mail between prisoners. 
3. General Mail: 
General mail includes all mail other than privileged or prisoner-to-prisoner mail. 
B. Envelopes: 
1. Envelopes which cannot be effectively searched may provide a means of introducing contraband into 
an institution, posing a threat to the safety of individuals. Unless received directly from an approved 
vendor, publisher, treatment facility, health care provider or marked as "Privileged" mail, the following 
envelopes 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION : PAGE: 
Institutions Page 6 of 17 
CHAPT ER: I NUMBER: P&PTYP E: 
TITLE : 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
will not be accepted by mai !room staff and shall be returned, unopened, to the sender with a notification 
of the returned mail sent to the intended prisoner with a Prisoner Mail Action Form (810.03A): 
2. Any non-white envelopes. 
3. Envelopes larger than 9" by 12" (excluding privileged). 
4. An envelope which is not commercially produced. 
5. An envelope made of cardboard, padded, corrugated, or tear-resistant material. 
6. An envelope constructed of heavy weight paper (i.e., greater than 24 Pound) or with security screening 
features. 
7. Envelopes to which address labels, stickers, stamps, or other items are affixed with an adhesive. Labels 
and stickers affixed to an envelope by the U. S. Postal Service are excluded but should be removed 
from the envelope before being delivered to the prisoner. 
8. Envelopes with drawings or markings on them. 
C. Paper: 
I. Incoming mail from outside the Department of Corrections must be written on white paper or white 
lined paper. 
2. Mail must not be written on heavy weight (greater than 24 Pound) or construction paper. 
D. Photos: 
1. Photos must not be greater than 4" x 6" in size and may not have a sticky or magnetic backing. 
2. Photos shall only be accepted directly from the following vendors: 
a. Shutterfly 
b. Pelipost 
c. Free Prints Now 
d. Walmart Photo 
3. Photos shall not violate the prohibited mail requirements. 
4. Received photos shall not exceed 10 per day and shall not exceed the quantity restrictions outlined in 
DOC P&P 811.05, Prisoner Personal Property and Release Clothing . 
E. Media: 
1. Privileged Electronic Data Storage Devices (i.e., CD, USB Device) are the only authorized media 
allowed to be sent into prisoners. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION : PAGE: 
Institutions Page 7 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMB ER: P&PTYP E: 
TITLE: 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
2. When Privileged Electronic Data Storage Devices are received, the prisoner shall be given a seizure 
report, (due to not being able to keep them in their cells) and placed in their assigned property box. 
When prisoners would like to review them, they must put in a Request for Interview (RFI) for review, 
requesting access to view them in the law library. 
F. Money : 
1. Only a prisoner's approved visitors or verified immediate family members listed in ACOMS can send 
monetary gifts to be deposited into a prisoner's account. Monetary gifts may not exceed $500 in a 
single month without the prior approval of the Superintendent or designee. 
2. Monetary gifts shall be sent using USPS mail. The sender's name on the cashier's check or money 
order must be on the prisoner's approved visiting list or be listed as a verified immediate family 
member in ACOMS. 
3. Checks from governmental agencies, tribal entities and businesses are subject to the restrictions set in 
Policy 302.12, Prisoner Accounts. 
4. Anonymous donations are not accepted. Mailed anonymous donations will be automatically deposited 
into the prisoner welfare fund. Anonymous cashier's checks and money orders will be sent to the 
generating entity. 
5. Personal checks and cash delivered through the mail are not accepted. Cash received through the mail 
will be automatically deposited into the prisoner welfare fund. Any personal checks will be returned 
to the sender . 
6. The mail room staff shall deliver a receipt to the prisoner and forward all money orders and cashier's 
checks to the Offender Trust Account Department for processing. The Offender Trust Account 
Department shall process the monetary instruments that meet the Department requirements and return 
those that do not meet the Department requirements to the sender at the intended prisoner's expense. 
The intended prisoner recipient shall be notified of the rejection of mail, including the reasons, on a 
Prisoner Mail Action Form (810.03A). 
III. Inspection of Mail: 
A. Privileged Mail: 
The Department may not restrict or censor a prisoner's privileged correspondence. Prisoners (except 
indigent prisoners) shall pay all postage costs. If there is substantial doubt as to whether or not mail is in 
fact privileged , such as mail received from an unknown but official-sounding organization , the mail may 
only be opened in the presence of the prisoner and only to search for contraband, unless at that time it is 
determined not to be privileged mail. Mail marked as "Privileged" but found to be "general" mail during 
the verification process, will be treated as general mail and shall be subject to inspection and the general 
mail rules. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED : 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 8 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER: P&PTYPE: 
TITLE : 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
I. Outgoing Privileged Mail: 
Mailroom staff may not read or search outgoing privileged mail for contraband. However, mail room 
staff will verify, in the prisoner's presence, that the intended recipient of the mail is the same person as 
the privileged addressee. 
B. Prisoner to Prisoner: 
I. All prisoner-to-prisoner mail received by a prisoner from another prisoner who is not a family member 
may be read by the Department prior to delivery. When a prisoner's mail to another prisoner is read, 
the Department shall provide the receiving prisoner with a written notice stating that the prisoner's mail 
was read due to its status as prisoner-to-prisoner mail, and that future reading of that prisoner-to 
prisoner mail may occur without notice. The Prisoner Mail Action Form (Attachment A) shall be used 
for this purpose. This initial written notice must be provided to the prisoner recipient within two (2) 
working days, subject to any delay required by an investigation of criminal or prohibited activity. 
2. The Department may not restrict mail between prisoners unless an individual's safety or the security 
of an institution requires a restriction. 
3. The Superintendent may restrict prisoner-to-prisoner mail only on a case-by-case basis. The restriction 
must be no broader than necessary to address the safety or security concerns. 
4. Federal regulations require permission from both State Superintendents and Federal Wardens to send 
or receive mail to an individual in Federal custody. 
C. General Mail (excluding packages): 
I. Mailroom staff will inspect all general mail for contraband outside of the prisoner's presence. 
2. The Superintendent or designee may delay giving the prisoner mail if they have reason to believe that 
it will hamper an investigation of criminal activity referred to in the mail. The prisoner may receive 
the mail once the investigation is completed and the mail is cleared by security. 
IV. Outgoing Mail: 
Outgoing mail shall be enclosed in an approved envelope with United States postage. The outside of the 
envelope shall contain only the prisoner's committed name, offender number, return address, and the 
addressee's name and address. If the sender cannot be identified, the mail will be destroyed. A prisoner may 
send or receive any amount of first, second, or third-class mail, except when limitations may be placed on 
the mail to conduct or operate a business. Prisoners do not need the Superintendent's approval to receive or 
send mail to an individual. 
A. Collection: 
Prisoners shall have access to secured mailboxes. Mail room staff shall collect outgoing mail at least once 
each day, Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED : 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION : PAGE: 
Institutions Page 9 of 17 
CHAPTER : I NUMBER : P&PTYPE : 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE: 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
B. Return Address: 
Prisoners must use the return address format below or mailroom staff shall return the mail to the prisoner 
along with the Prisoner Mail Action Form (810.03A) for them to put a proper return address on the mail 
item: 
C. Postage: 
Prisoner's Name (ACOMS #) 
Name of institution (spelled out in full) 
Address of institution 
City, State, and Zip Code 
l. If funds are available, prisoners shall pay for their outgoing mail. 
2. The Superintendent shall make postage available for prisoners to purchase . 
3. Indigent prisoners may mail, at the Department's expense, up to five (5) pieces of mail per week, 
privileged or otherwise, weighing up to two (2) pounds each. This policy does not apply to shipping 
excess personal property. See DOC P&P 811.05, Prisoner Personal Property and Release Clothing. 
4. In special circumstances a prisoner may be permitted to mail more than five (5) pieces of privileged 
mail at the Department's expense as approved by the Superintendent. The Attorney General's office 
may be consulted to verify that the prisoner has pending litigation which justifies the increase in mail. 
5. Certified or registered mail shall be provided at the discretion of the Superintendent and only when 
necessary, such as for purposes of service of the summons and complaint in a legal proceeding. The 
Superintendent may confer with legal counsel to determine if certified or registered mail is necessary. 
V. Prohibited Mail: 
The Department shall prohibit any mail that: 
A. Outgoing Mail: 
1. Is written on state documents i.e., Request for Interviews, Commissary Request Forms etc. 
2. Includes correspondence from any other prisoner, inside their own envelope. 
3. Requests a recipient to forward correspondence beyond the immediate addressee. 
4. Contains plans or threats of physical harm against a person or other criminal activity. 
5. Contains contraband, plans for sending contraband in to or out of the institution, or indicates other 
activities prohibited under 22 AAC 05.400, Prohibited Conduct for Prisoners. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED : 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION : PAGE: 
Institutions Page 10 of 17 
CHAPT ER: I NUMBER: P&PTYPE : 
TlTLE: 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
6. Contains information that, if communicated , would create a risk of mental or physical harm to a person . 
7. Contains material that could reasonably be expected to aid an escape or incite or encourage any form 
of violence. 
8. Is in violation of a Court order. 
9. Is written in a code that the reader does not understand. 
10. By nature, or content (visual or written) poses a threat or is detrimental to the security, good order or 
discipline of the facility , prisoner rehabilitation , or facilitates criminal activity including, but not 
limited to, material that meets one or more of the following criteria: 
a. Incites, advocates, aids, or abets criminal activity such as gang activity, illegal drug use, 
conversion of weapons , or promotes gambling. 
b. Concerns plans for activities in violation of other Department of Corrections administrative 
directives. 
c. Contain Security Threat Group related paraphernalia. 
B. Incoming Mail: 
1. Does not have a return address which has at a minimum , a first initial and a full last name listed along 
with the sender' s addre ss. Mail that violates this requirement shall be refused and returned to the U.S. 
Postal Service. 
2. Incoming mail with unauthorized or insufficient postage shall be refused and returned to the U.S. 
Postal Service. 
3. Contains additional mail from outside the sender's immediate family. Example a daughter or son could 
place something in the envelope from the mother or father sending, but not from a friend of the family. 
4. Is taped, pasted, or otherwise joined to another item, unless taped by security staff. 
5. That includes drawings or written content in a medium other than blue or black ink or graphite pencil. 
6. Has glitter, stamps, stickers, or anything affixed to the paper with an adhesive . 
7. Is non-commercially produced or multi-fold greeting cards, greeting cards made of non-standard card 
stock paper, greeting cards which have embellishments or greeting cards which exceed 6" X 8" m 
size. 
SUPERCED ES POLlCY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THlS POLI CY NEXT DUE FOR REVlEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 11 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER : P&PTYPE: 
TITLE: 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
8. Contains lipstick or a foreign or unknown substance, including unusual stains, body fluids, perfumes, 
incense, or oils. If the substance is suspected of being a controlled substance, the mail may be turned 
over to law enforcement officials for further investigation. 
9. Contains plans or threats of physical harm against a person or other criminal activity. 
10. Contains contraband, plans for sending contraband in to or out of the institution, or indicates other 
activities prohibited under 22 AAC 05.400, Prohibited Conduct for Prisoners. 
11. Is written in a code that the reader does not understand. 
12. Is written with (or contains), gel pen ink, crayon, marker, colored pencils, colored paper, correctional 
fluid or tape, paint, warped papers, or powders. 
13. Contains sexually explicit materials. However, the following sexually explicit material shall be 
allowed: 
a. Departmentally purchased or acquired educational, medical / scientific, or artistic materials, such 
as books or guides purchased by the Department for inclusion in institution libraries and / or 
educational areas. 
b. Educational, medical / scientific, or artistic materials, including, but not limited to, anatomy 
medical reference books, general practitioner reference books and / or guides, National 
Geographic, or artistic reference material depicting historical, modem, and/ or postmodern era art, 
purchased or possessed by prisoners and approved by the institution head or their designee on a 
case-by-case basis. 
14. Contains personal checks, cash or solicits gifts, money, credit, or contractual purchases without the 
approval of the Superintendent or designee . 
15. Contains any item designated as contraband such as loose labels, postage stamps, oils, perfumes, 
incense, personal property, art, tattoo templets, crafts, hobby supplies,joumals, diaries or blank books, 
candy, gum, or any food items, unused postcards, bookmarks, calendars, inspirational cards or medals, 
stationary, pens/pencils, envelopes, unused battery operated or non-single layer card stock greeting 
cards, or any item that requires and lacks prior approval from the Superintendent or designee. 
16. Contains information that, if communicated, would create a risk of mental or physical harm to a 
person. 
17. Contains material that could reasonably be expected to aid an escape or incite or encourage any form 
of violence. 
18. Contains hard-bound books and leather-bound books, to include Bibles . 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED : 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DU E FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION : PAGE: 
Institutions Page 12 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER : P&PTYPE: 
TITLE: 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
I 9. By nature, or content (visual or written) poses a threat or is detrimental to the security, good order or 
discipline of the facility, prisoner rehabilitation, or facilitates criminal activity including, but not 
limited to, material that meets one or more of the following criteria: 
a. Incites, advocates, aids, or abets criminal activity such as gang activity, illegal drug use, conversion 
of weapons, or promotes gambling. 
b. Contains tattoo information or templates. 
c. Concerns plans for activities in violation of other Department of Corrections administrative 
directives. 
d. Contain Security Threat Group related paraphernalia. 
20. Is in violation of a Court order. 
2 I. Has been banned for good reason following an individualized determination by the Department. 
22. Are received with prohibited items in part or in whole. In these instances, the mail will be considered 
unacceptable as a whole and will need to be disbursed as stated in policy. 
VI. Disposition of Prohibited Mail: 
If the mail is rejected, the intended prisoner recipient shall be notified of the rejection of mail, including the 
reasons, on the Prisoner Mail Action Form (810.03A). Illegal contraband or evidence of crime shall be 
confiscated and turned over to the Security Department and Alaska State Troopers. No notice of confiscation 
shall be given. 
A. Prisoner's Case File: 
A prisoner may be subject to disciplinary proceedings for attempting to mail prohibited material. 
Mailroom staff shall place a reproduction of the prohibited material from outgoing mail into a prisoner's 
case file and give the prisoner written notice of this within two (2) working days. Mailroom staff will fill 
out the Prisoner Mail Action Form (8 I 0.03A), to indicate that a copy of the prohibited material was placed 
in the prisoner's file. 
B. Contraband: 
1. Unauthorized property or material discovered in incoming mail shall result in the incoming mail to be 
held as contraband. A Prisoner Mail Action Form (810.03A), shall be completed and sent to the 
prisoner. Prisoners have 15 days to either have item(s) destroyed or returned to the sender. The 
Department shall not pay for the cost of notifying the sender of the prisoner's contraband arrangements 
or its mailing cost. Mailroom staff shall dispose of contraband in accordance with DOC P&P I 208 .08, 
Searches of Prisoners, and Institutional Areas. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED : 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 13 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER : P&PTYPE: 
TITLE: 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
2. Prior authorized packages which after opening are found to contain contraband not illegal (including 
unauthorized attachments or enclosures) or otherwise to be in violation of these or other Department 
procedures, shall be returned to the sender with the contents of the package intact at the prisoner's 
expense; or the prisoner may request the package be disposed of at no cost to the facility. If a prior 
authorized package is returned to the sender after opening, the intended prisoner recipient shall be 
notified in writing of the rejection, along with the reason(s) for the rejection, on a Prisoner Mail Action 
Form (810.03A). 
C. Non-Delivery of Mail: 
If mailroom staff opens mail and decides that it is prohibited, staff shall give notice to the affected persons 
as described below. The Department may delay notice if notice interferes with an investigation of criminal 
activity. See section III, C. 2. above. 
I. Non-Delivery of Incoming Mail: 
Mailroom staff shall send the prisoner written notice within two (2) working days after receiving the 
prohibited mail, that states the specific reason(s) why the mail was not delivered to the prisoner. The 
Prisoner Mail Action Form (8 I 0.03A) shall be used to notify the prisoner of the prohibited mail. The 
Superintendent or designee must sign the notice. 
2. Non-Delivery of Outgoing Mail: 
Mailroom staff shall send the prisoner a written notice within two (2) working days of receipt by the 
institutional mailroom , which states why the institution did not send the mail. The Prisoner Mail Action 
Form (810.03A) shall be used for this purpose and the Superintendent or designee must sign the notice. 
VII. Forwarding Mail: 
The Department shall keep a record of the last known addresses for each prisoner for one (1) year after the 
prisoner is transferred or released from the institution in the DOC offender management system. The 
institution shall forward prisoner's mail as follows: 
A. First Class Mail: 
The institution shall forward first-class mail for one (1) year from the time of address change. 
B. Second Class Mail: 
The institution shall forward second-class mail for 60 days from the time of an address change. All 
newspapers and magazines are considered second-class mail unless otherwise stated on the article. After 
60 days, the institution shall return articles to the post office, with an explanation that the person has been 
at a new address for more than 60 days. 
C. Third Class Mail: 
The institution shall forward third-class mail for 60 days if it is stamped "Forwarding and Return Postage 
Guaranteed." The institution shall return mail stamped "Returned Postage Guaranteed" to the sender 
unless it is a publication or package. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 14 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER: P&PTYPE : 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE : 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
D. Publication or Package: 
The institution shall forward a publication or package at the Department's expense or by inter-institution 
transportation for 60 days (if forwarding is not guaranteed, and if the item is second-class mail, third- class 
mail, or parcel post). 
E. Fourth Class Mail: 
Fourth-class mail is normally considered bulk mail. The institution shall discard fourth-class mail if the 
person is not at the address written on the article. Fourth class mail sent by private entities for the purpose 
of merchandising need not be delivered to prisoners and may instead be discarded. 
VIII. Publications: 
A. Mailroom staff must distribute printed media mail (books, newspapers, magazines, etc.) to prisoners 
within 48 hours ofreceipt after examination for content (excluding weekends and holidays). 
B. All publications, including magazines, comics, graphic novels, books, or newspapers, must be ordered, 
and received directly from the vendor. Prisoners must have enough funds to pay for any order in advance. 
After a prisoner has received proper authorization from the superintendent or designee, family or friends 
may order publications for delivery to a prisoner if the publication meets the requirement of this policy 
and the property policy. Multiple copies of the same publication to a prisoner are prohibited. Multiple 
copies shall be considered as contraband and disposed of. 
C. The Superintendent shall designate staff to review all incoming publications addressed to prisoners. 
Superintendents may not establish an excluded list of publications. Staff must review an individual 
publication to determine if it is approved for delivery to a prisoner. Rejection of several issues of a 
publication is not enough reason to reject the publication in its entirety. 
D. Staff shall reject a publication, in whole or part if it: 
1. Contains material that could reasonably be expected to aid m escape, incite violence, theft, or 
destruction of property in the facility. 
2. Contains instructions or illustrations on how to construct or use weapons, ammunitions, bombs, 
explosives, incendiary devices, handguns, or rifles. 
3. Depicts or describes procedures for brewing alcoholic beverages or making or cultivating drugs or 
poisons. 
4. By nature, or content (visual or written) poses a threat or is detrimental to the security, good order or 
discipline of the facility, prisoner rehabilitation, or facilitates criminal activity including, but not 
limited to, material that meets one or more of the following criteria: 
a. Incites, advocates, aids, or abets criminal activity such as gang activity, illegal drug use, conversion 
of weapons, or promotes gambling. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DATED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION : PAGE: 
Institutions Page 15 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMBER : P&PTYPE: 
TITLE: 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
b. Contains tattoo information or templates. 
c. Concerns plans for activities in violation of other Department of Corrections administrative 
directives . 
d. Contain Security Threat Group related paraphernalia. 
5. Contains sexually explicit material. 
6. Is written in code that the reader does not understand. 
7. Depicts, describes, or encourages activities that could reasonably be expected to lead to the use of 
physical violence or group disruption. 
8. Is musical media that has an affixed parental advisory label indicating "Explicit Content" and 
electronic games rated "Adults Only", "Mature" or otherwise labeled with descriptors indicating the 
inclusion of content that is unacceptable as defined above. Musical media or electronic games withheld 
under these restrictions are to be handled under section VIII, E below. 
Note: Prisoners are already prohibited by statute from viewing video media rated "X", "R", or "NC-
17''. 
E. Withholding a publication: 
1. Mailroom staff shall give the prisoner written notice within 30 days when withholding a publication 
from a prisoner. The Prisoner Mail Action Form (810.03A) shall be used for this purpose. The notice 
must include: 
a. The reason for withholding the publication. 
b. A statement that the prisoner may challenge the decision by filing a grievance within 15 days. 
2. If the prisoner does not file a grievance, the prisoner may request that the institution dispose of the 
publication in one of the following ways, within 15 days: 
a. Mail the publication to a party specified by the prisoner. 
b. Return the publication to the publisher for a refund; or 
c. Discard the publication. 
3. Publications involving credit or deferred billing (e.g., "bill me later" or "payment after delivery") 
transactions for the purchase of or subscription to publications (i.e., books, newspapers, magazines) are 
prohibited. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 16 of 17 
CHAPTER: I NUMB ER: P&PTYPE : 
TITLE: 
810 810.03 Public 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
4. The prisoner must pay the postage for any publication that they choose to return to the publisher or 
send to another party. 
5. If the prisoner files a grievance, the institution must keep a copy of the rejected publication until the 
grievance is finalized. 
6. Non-acceptable and grieved publications should be logged and stored in a separate secure area to avoid 
these publications being lost or inadvertently issued to the prisoner. 
IX. Packages: 
Packages, except books, magazines, and newspapers received directly from the publisher or distributor, 
require prior authorization from the Property Department. Packages are not accepted from outside sources 
other than from approved vendors. Family or friends on a prisoner's approved visitors list or a verified 
immediate family member may place money in a prisoner's account but may not send gifts to an institution. 
Deposits shall not exceed $500 in a single month. (Per DOC P&P 302.12, Prisoner Accounts). 
A. Mailroom staff must distribute packages to prisoners within 48 hours of receipt after inspection for 
contraband (excluding weekends and holidays). 
B. Search and Inventory: 
Prior to delivery, mailroom staff shall: 
I. Inspect the contents of the package for contraband (mailroom staff need not open packages in the 
prisoner's presence unless it is privileged). 
2. Inventory the contents , other than correspondence, and give the prisoner a receipt, or place the package 
in the prisoner's stored personal property. See DOC P&P 811.05, Prisoner Personal Property and 
Release Clothing. Staff shall process any non-approved packages and/or contraband in accordance with 
Procedures section VI, above. 
C. Unacceptable Items: 
Mailroom staff shall return the package to the sender, at the prisoner's expense if the package contains 
unacceptable items (providing it has a return address). Mailroom staff also shall send a written explanation 
to the prisoner via the Prisoner Mail Action Form (810.03A) of why the items were rejected. 
D. Forwarding: 
1. If the institution receives a package for a prisoner who was transferred to another institution within the 
Department , the institution shall: 
a. Forward the package to the new institution within three (3) working days of receipt. 
b. Keep a record to show when the institution forwarded the package and where they sent it to. 
SUPER CEDES POLICY DA TED: 11/29/18 
THIS POLIC Y NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27

SECTION: PAGE: 
Institutions Page 17 of 17 
CHAPTER : I NUMBER : P&PTYPE: 
810 810.03 Public 
TITLE : 
Prisoner Mail, Publications and Packages 
2. If the institution receives a package for a prisoner who has been released, the package may be returned 
to the return address on the package. 
3. If the package does not have a return address, staff shall send a letter to the prisoner requesting an 
address to forward the package to. Postal Service charges for forwarding will be billed to the prisoner. 
Mail room staff shall dispose of the package if the prisoner does not respond within 30 days. 
X. Filing a Grievance: 
A prisoner may file a grievance regarding any action that the Department takes concerning this policy. 
Prisoners must follow the procedures described in DOC P&P 808.03, Prisoner Grievances, except for the 
shortened time period for publications in section VIII, E, I above. 
XI. Prisoner Mail Requests from outside the institution: 
Requests from outside law enforcement agencies or others relating to court proceedings require a subpoena, 
court order, or warrant. 
SUPERCEDES POLICY DATED : 11/29/18 
THIS POLICY NEXT DUE FOR REVIEW ON: 04/18/27