Suffolk Sheriff Inmate Mail, Phone and Resources | Suffolk County Sheriffs Office top of page Incarcerated Individual Services Incarcerated Individual Mail Studies show that when incarcerated individuals maintain a relationship with family & friends, it greatly reduces the risk of them returning to jail upon release. ​ ​ LIAM Safe T he safest, most secure way to send mail to an incarcerated individual is through LIAM Safe. All letters and photos are encrypted and, upon payment, print out immediately at the facility. Depending on the time of day, your photos and letters can be delivered that day. It works with mobile phones, laptops, tablets, and PCs. The mobile version even has a talk-to-text function. Simply go to SuffolkCountyNY.LiamSafe.com . ​ ​ US MAIL All mail should be sent to the following address: C/O Incarcerated Individual's Name Suffolk County Correctional Facility 110 Center Drive South Riverhead, NY 11901 ​ PLEASE NOTE: If the individual has a common name, please add his or her date of birth on the front of the envelope. ​ The following items are NOT allowed in incarcerated individual's incoming mail: Colored envelopes: All envelopes Must Be White ONLY Stamps or other postage Polaroid Pictures Pictures larger than 5” x 7” Cards larger than 6” x 9” Stickers Pornographic pictures or pictures that are offensive and graphic in nature. Hard covered publications with cover attached. ​ ​ Incarcerated Individual Phone Services (Securus) The Suffolk County Correctional Facility uses Securus to pay for incarcerated individuals' phone calls. If you would like to pay through the Securus system, click here . ​ ​ Keefe Commissary Service Money can now be placed in an incarcerated individual's commissary account for the purchase of items through the Keefe Commissary Service. There are a number of items that can be purchased, from food to sundries, providing there are no restrictions placed on the incarcerated individual. Money can be applied to an incarcerated individual’s account in the following ways: Any money that is brought in by an incarcerated individual is placed in their commissary account at the time of booking. Money orders sent to an incarcerated individual will be deposited in the incarcerated individual's account. No personal checks are accepted. Cash, credit, or debit cards can be deposited into the kiosks located in both the Riverhead and Yaphank Visiting lobbies. Deposits can be made via the internet by credit or debit at www.AccessCorrections.com or by calling 1-866-345-1884. Please note: There is a fee for using the service that will reduce the amount of money placed in the account. Money put in the account will be available in approximately 15 minutes or sooner. There is a limit of $100 per deposit. If there is money left in the commissary account at the time the incarcerated individual is released, that money is returned to them at the time of release in the form of a debit card. Information regarding this debit card can be found here . ​ ​ Sending Packages and Money When mailing packages and/or money, please send only items that are allowed by regulations. Prohibited or excess items will be returned to you at the incarcerated individual expense or disposed of if not picked up within the required time frame. Contraband items may result in prosecution. ​ PLEASE NOTE: No pockets or drawstrings are permitted on the clothing listed below. 2 Female Night Gowns: Plain and White Only 7 Female Sports Bras: No Metal Underwires 2 Sweat Shirts: Hunter Green* or White 2 Sweat Pants: Hunter Green* or White 2 Gym Shorts: Hunter Green* or White 7 Tee Shirts: White Only 2 Towels: 2' by 4' Maximum Size: White Only 2 Set of Thermals: White or Off White 5 Books: Paperback Only ​ 5 Magazines 2 Newspapers: Current Issues Only 15 Photos: 5"x7" Maximum Size - No Polaroids 1 Prayer Rug 1 Kuffi: Black or White, Single Layer 1 Wedding Band: Plain ​ *Hunter Green is the color of a NY Jets football jersey. ​ You are permitted to receive books, magazines, and newspapers directly from the publisher or reputable online vendors (example: Amazon.com, BarnesandNoble.com). Books, magazines and newspapers brought by visitors or sent through the mail will no longer be accepted at the facilities. No incarcerated individual may receive material that threatens the security of the facility such as information about making explosives, firebombs, weapons, escape devices, alcohol, poisons, or drugs. Type of Funds Accepted: CASH AND MONEY ORDERS ONLY. PERSONAL CHECKS ARE NOT ACCEPTED. ​ ​ bottom of page