County Sheriff | Gillespie County, TX Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments County Sheriff County Sheriff Mission Statement We, the members of the Gillespie County Sheriff's Office, are committed to excellence in law enforcement and are dedicated to the people, traditions and diversity of Gillespie County. In order to protect life and property, prevent crime and reduce the fear of crime, we will provide service with understanding, response with compassion, performance with integrity and law enforcement with vision. Law Enforcement News Visit the Gillespie County Sheriff's Office on Facebook for updates. Sheriff Christopher "Chris" Ayala Long respected as the county's top lawman, the Sheriff has a range of duties that include criminal investigations, traffic enforcement, operation of the jail and other responsibilities. Duties of the Sheriff include: Providing security for the operation of county and district courts Enforcing traffic laws, other county ordinances and other state laws Service of process Accepting bail for prisoners in his custody Conducting sales of seized and unclaimed properties Taking charge of and responsibility for the county jail and prisoners Chief Deputy Bryan Philips The Chief Deputy is the highest ranking appointed law enforcement officer in the Sheriff's Office and reports directly to the Sheriff. He supervises the Division Commanders and serves as the operations manager for the agency. Divisions/Sections supervised include: Field Operations Division Uniform Patrol Criminal Investigations Support Services Division County Jail Office Administration Courthouse Security Field Operations Division Lt. Michael Mike McDonald Uniform Patrol Criminal Investigations Contact Us Christopher "Chris" Ayala Sheriff Bryan Philips Chief Deputy Michael "Mike" McDonald Field Operations / Patrol Lieutenant Office Administration Phone: 830-997-7585 Reports Call 830-997-7585 for: Offense/Incident Reports Accident Reports Civil Process Sex Offender Registration Directory County Sheriff Email the County Sheriff Physical Address View Map 1601 East Main Street Law Enforcement Center Fredericksburg , TX 78624 1601 East Main Street Law Enforcement Center Fredericksburg TX 78624 Directions Phone: 830-997-7585 Fax: 830-997-9541 Emergency Phone: 911 When dialing 830-997-7585 , you will reach an Auto Attendant message with options to choose from: If you need dispatch for law enforcement, emergency medical services, fire or city of Fredericksburg utilities on a non-emergency basis, press 1. Otherwise, stay on the line and select from the following options: Option 2: Police Department Option 3: Sheriff's Office Option 3 ext 2: Jail Option 4: Receptionist Option 5: Repeat Menu. When dialing 830-990-8793 , you will reach an Auto Attendant message with options to choose from: You have reached the Gillespie County Communications Center Public Safety Dispatch. If you have an emergency, hang up and dial 911. If you need dispatch for law enforcement, emergency medical services, fire or city of Fredericksburg utilities on a non-emergency basis, press 1. Otherwise, stay on the line and select from the following options: Jail, press 2. City of Fredericksburg traffic ticket information, press 3. Warrant information, press 4. City of Fredericksburg Public Works or Water Department after hours for an emergency, press 5. Weather information and road conditions, press 6. Directory Do Not Fall for This Scam (PDF) Amber Alert Attorney General Victim Services Courts and Justice Public Records Search Portal Fredericksburg PD IVSS/VINE Intregrated Victim Services System Texas DPS View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Gillespie County Sheriff's Office Facebook Page View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Burn Ban Information Online Bill Pay Report a County Road Issue County of Gillespie 101 West Main Street Fredericksburg, TX 78624-3700 Phone Numbers: Click Here for Officials' and Offices' Contact Numbers Fax: 830-992-2608 Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow