Adams County Sheriff Office Skip to Content Serving Our Community with Trust and Respect The Adams County Sheriff’s Office is dedicated to ensuring safety and security through proactive policing and community partnerships. With a focus on accountability and innovation, we work to protect and serve every resident with professionalism and integrity. Community Forward, Value Driven The Office of the Sheriff is led by Sheriff Gene Claps and Undersheriff Kevin Currier, with all seven Divisions being spearheaded by their respective Chiefs and Directors. Working together, our team of determined, compassionate individuals supports and engages with the community through safety programs, public service, inmate services, and victim support, among many other resources. Quick Links Fast ways to find our most commonly sought-after pages. Connect Adams County Help Keep Adams County Safe. Your involvement will improve emergency preparedness, helping police, fire, and public safety teams assess and respond more quickly to criminal activity and emergencies. Learn More (opens in new tab) Inmate Services Information about inmate funds, bond information, mailing, and visitation. View Services New CHP/CCW Applications Permits, renewals, verified instructors, and the latest regulations. View Application Public Records Record request forms, jail records, fee schedules, and more View Records Report an Incident or Abandoned Vehicle Non-emergency and abandoned vehicle reports. Report Now Submit a Crime Tip See Something? Say Something. Our Detectives rely on the community to help solve crimes and protect our neighborhoods. If you have information about a crime, suspicious behavior, or a person of interest please submit a tip. Submit a Tip Sheriff Gene Claps Sheriff Claps has served the Adams County Sheriff’s Office for over 22 years in various roles, from deputy to Division Chief. Born and raised in Adams County, he is committed to transforming the office into a metropolitan leader in law enforcement. His vision focuses on leadership by example, supporting employees and the community equally, and building trust, ethics, and transparency to create safer neighborhoods. He strives to provide clear direction, mentorship, and collaboration to strengthen relationships with agencies, cities, schools, and residents. Visit the Adams County Sheriff's Office Mission To be a reliable and proactive agency that protects and serves the community equally Vision To provide a trusted and respected service to our community through strong leadership, professionalism, and innovation. Values Dependability Collaboration Compassion Unity Recent News The latest from Adams County Sheriff’s Office See All News May 22nd, 2026 Adams County Inmate Found Unresponsive at Adams County Detention Facility An unresponsive inmate at Adams County Jail passed away despite life-saving efforts. Authorities are investigating the incident's cause and circumstances. Learn more about the ongoing... Learn More May 14th, 2026 Expired License Plate Enforcement Operation Nets Several Tickets and Arrests Adams County's recent traffic operation targeted expired registrations, resulting in 71 citations and three arrests. Such initiatives enhance road safety and address community concerns. Learn More April 23rd, 2026 Update to the Stabbing Investigation from Dexter St. The Adams County Sheriff’s Office urgently seeks Nicolas Murray, 33, in connection with a recent stabbing. Have info? Contact 911 or 303-288-1535 immediately. Learn More April 21st, 2026 One Person Shot by Adams County Sheriff’s Deputies During Search Adams County deputies responded to a stabbing, leading to a deputy-involved shooting. A suspect with a firearm was shot and hospitalized. Investigations are ongoing. Learn More Upcoming Events See All Events Aug 4 2026 ACSO National Night Out National Night Out is a community policing awareness-raising event in the United States, held the first Tuesday of August. 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm Rotella Park View Event View Event Oct 23 2026 ACSO Trunk or Treat Join the Sheriff's Office for its annual Trunk or Treat event at Clear Creek Valley Park. 4:00 pm - 6:00 pm Clear Creek Valley Park View Event View Event Nov 21 2026 ACSO Operation Freebird The 23rd Annual Operation Freebird will once again be held at Mountain States Toyota on Saturday, Nov. 21, starting at 10 a.m. 10:00 am - 2:00 pm Mountain States Toyota View Event View Event Dec 12 2026 ACSO and ACFR Toy Drive Collection Event Join us for the ACSO and ACFR Toy Drive on Saturday, Dec. 12 at Walmart Thornton. Donate toys, enjoy free coffee and treats, and spread holiday cheer. 10:30 am - 3:00 pm Walmart Supercenter Thornton View Event View Event Stay Up-to-Date Follow us for the latest news, events, and information. Facebook X Instagram YouTube Nextdoor LinkedIn Listen to the Latest Podcast Listen to the Latest Podcast Quick Resources Find the most requested services quickly and easily. Compliment/Complaint Share your feedback or concerns about our services and staff. Submit Feedback (PDF) (opens in new tab) Records Request Request public records, police reports, and more. Submit Request Explore Victim Resources The Victim Services Unit (VSU) of Adams County provides 24/7 crisis response, emotional support, and guidance. Victim Resources Page (opens in new tab) © 2025 Adams County Sheriff’s Office. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Accessibility