Sheriff Russell Barker – Anderson County Sheriff Department Skip to content HOME ABOUT DETENTION FACILITY 24 Hours Arrest List Current Inmates Inmate Communication RECORDS Fees I WANT TO See Current Budget Current Audit Pay my Property Taxes Apply for a Business License Renew my Car Tags Need Passport Information Renew my Driver’s License See my Property Appraisal Where I go to Vote Apply for a Marriage License Who is my County Commissioner Know my Current School Calendar Find my Local Library Rent a Pavilion at the Park COUNTY OFFICES Anderson County Television Animal Control Archives & Records Assessor of Property Circuit Court Court Clerk Clerk and Master County Clerk County Commission County Mayor Disability Services Election Commission Emergency Medical Services Finance Department Health Department Highway Department Human Resources/Risk Management Information Technology Department Law Director Office on Aging & Senior Center Office of Emergency Management Parks and Recreation Planning and Development Purchasing PreTrial Release Register of Deeds Sheriff’s Department and Jail Solid Waste/ Recycling Tourism Council Trustee UT Extension Veterans Service CONTACT Search for: Loading... Sheriff Russell Barker Matthew Smelcer 2023-10-11T12:14:23+00:00 Anderson County Sheriff’s Office • 101 South Main Street • Clinton, TN 37716 • 865-457-6255 Contact Info: 101 South Main Street, Suite 400 | Clinton, TN 37716-3624 865-457-6210 | sheriff@tnacso.net Office Hours: Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Anderson County Sheriff Russell Barker has exemplified a strong commitment to service for his country and community throughout his professional career. After serving in the United States Marine Corps reserves, Sheriff Barker began serving his community as a police officer where he is now entering his 20th year. As a veteran law enforcement official, he has served in numerous capacities such as a patrolman, D.A.R.E officer, and a Detective Sergeant in the Criminal Investigations Unit with the Clinton Police Department. During his tenure, he has been the lead or assisted in cases ranging from narcotics investigation to homicide. In 2011, Sheriff Barker was assigned to the 7th Judicial Crime Task Force of Anderson County where he served as a special agent investigating and prosecuting narcotics trafficking in Anderson County. Recognized for his efforts and leadership, he was appointed in 2014 to serve as the Director of the Task Force. He left the Task Force after being elected Sheriff of Anderson County in 2018. Sheriff Barker has a diverse background in law enforcement. In addition to holding a bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice, he has obtained educational training and certification from the following agencies: University of Tennessee’s National Forensic Academy FBI’s Tennessee Law Enforcement Executive Development Command level training through the University of Louisville’s Southern Police Institute In 2016, he graduated from the Southeastern Leadership Academy where he was recognized as a leader in law enforcement across the Southeast with being presented the Law Enforcement Leadership Innovation Award. As Sheriff, he places a heavy emphasis on community policing and investing time into our youth. “Anderson County is a great place to live and raise your family. I took an oath to serve and protect the very people who make this country great. It is a job I take serious and feel honored to have.” – Sheriff Russell Barker Leadership Team Russell Barker Sheriff Brian Galloway Chief Deputy Kenny Sharp Asst. Chief Deputy (Operations) Zach Allen Asst. Chief Deputy (Corrections) Steve Owens Captain (Operations) Shain Vowell Captain (Corrections) Greg McBroom Director of Community Relations Page load link Go to Top