Inmate Phone Calls and Mail Skip to content About Us Services Inmate Info News Staying Safe Jobs FAQs Washoe County Sheriff's Office Menu File an Online Report The online reporting system allows you to submit crimes, tips or complaints immediately. click here to file a report Inmate Information Find out about current inmates, inmate web visitation, inmate contact and work programs. click here for inmate info In this section… Administration About Administration Office of Governmental Affairs Office of Professional Integrity Regional Public Safety Training Center (RPSTC) Washoe County Honorary Deputy Sheriff's Association Administrative Bureau About the Administrative Bureau Administrative Division About the Administrative Division Northern Nevada Law Enforcement Academy Backgrounds Unit Administrative Services Division About the Administrative Services Division Civil Civil Section Civil Charge Schedule Civil Service Procedures Field Services Field Services Section Records Records Section Bail Agent Registration Business License Case Requests Concealed Weapons Permits (CCW) Convicted Persons Registrations Criminal History Requests Embassy Letters Fingerprints Sex Offender & Crimes Against Children Registration Law Enforcement Officer Safety Act (LEOSA) - For Law Enforcement Personnel Only Marijuana Registration Card Photo Requests Fee Schedule Work Permits Regional Systems Partner Access Community Engagement About the Community Engagement Office Community Events & Programs Public Information Office Forensic Science Division About the Forensic Science Division Forensic Science Sections Forensic Science Fee Schedule Detention Bureau About the Detention Bureau Detention Operations Division About the Detention Operations Division Court Information Detention Services Unit Prison Rape Elimination Act Operations Detention Response Team Inmate Management Unit Detention Services Division About the Detention Services Division Inmate Information Victim Information and Notification Operations Bureau About the Operations Bureau Detectives Amber Alert About Detectives Financial Crimes Firearm Release Request Persons Unit Property Unit Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force - (ICAC) Missing Persons Most Wanted Criminals Sex Offender Unit Unsolved Homicides U Visa Patrol Division About the Patrol Division Incline Village Substation/Marine-9 Motors Reserve Deputy Program Patrol Services Homeless Outreach Proactive Engagement (HOPE) Team Special Operations Division About the Special Operations Division SOD Units Victim Information Washoe County Sheriff's Office Volunteers Volunteer Opportunities With Washoe County Sheriff's Office Volunteer Opportunities in Detention Citizen's Homeland Security Council (CHSC) Community Emergency Response Team - CERT Rail Auxiliary Team (RAT Pack) Inmate Phone Calls and Mail Phone Calls : Inmates receive one (1) free 15-minute phone call per week. This free phone call cannot be used for international calls. How do I receive phone calls from an inmate? All inmates can make outside calls to approved family and friends. No incoming calls can be received except for voicemail messages to approved inmates. Each inmate will be given access to the telephone upon the completion of the booking process. Telephones for private use are located in each housing area. Inmate calls (local and long distance) are billed at a per-minute rate, with no connection fees. International calls are also billed at a per-minute rate. Three-way calls are prohibited. Be advised that that Smart Communications may have additional taxes and fees, for a complete charge breakdown visit their website at the link below. To create and fund Pre-Paid Collect accounts, please visit Smart Communication’s website at: https://smartinmate.com Cómo recibo las llamadas telefónicas de un preso? Todos los presos pueden hacer llamadas externas a familiares y amigos aprobados. Los presos no pueden recibir llamadas excepto los mensajes de correo de voz a los presos aprobados. Cada preso tendrá acceso al teléfono una vez que sean procesados. Los teléfonos para uso privado se encuentran en cada área de alojamiento. Llamadas del preso (locales y de larga distancia) se facturan a una tarifa por minuto, sin cargos de conexión. Las llamadas internacionales también se facturan a una tarifa por minuto. Las llamadas tripartitas (Tres vías) están prohibidas Para crear y financiar cuentas Pre-Paid Collect, visite el sitio web de Smart Communication’s en: https://smartinmate.com - o llame a nuestro centro de llamadas al 1-800-943-2189. E-Mail : The Sheriff's Office accepts email messages for inmates. Click https://smartinmate.com and follow the on-screen instructions to send an email to an inmate. Inmate Mail : Information Phone: (775) 328-2971 Types of Mail Mailing Address Personal Letters Photos Smart Communications / Washoe County Detention Facility Inmate Name (# Inmate Number) PO Box 9163 Seminole, FL 33775-9137 Legal Mail Court Documents Business Mail Washoe County Sheriff's Office Inmate Name (# Inmate Number) 911 Parr Blvd. Reno, NV 89512 Publications Books Washoe County Sheriff's Office Inmate Name (# Inmate Number) 911 Parr Blvd. Reno, NV 89512 Publications and books must be sent directly from an online vendor. EFFECTIVE April 25, 2022 MEMORANDUM TO: ALL INMATES; FAMILY & FRIENDS FROM: WASHOE COUNTY DETENTION FACILITY SUBJECT: CHANGE IN INMATE POSTAL MAIL DELIVERY The Washoe County Detention Facility has contracted with Smart Communications to provide MailGuard electronic mail services. The changes are being made to streamline the operations of the Sheriff’s Office, improve communications, and ensure the safety and well-being of inmates and staff. MailGuard is a quick and efficient way for inmates to receive letters and photos electronically. Effective 04/25/2022, inmate postal mail must be sent to the following address: Smart Communications / Washoe County Detention Facility Adam Smith #123456 (example inmate) PO Box 9163 Seminole, FL 33775-9137 Any mail received at the facility after May 8, 2022, will be returned to sender. The inmates’ name and booking/ID number must be clearly printed on the outside of the post card to ensure the mail is posted to the current account. All personal regular inmate postal mail will be scanned into the system and available to the inmates to view their postal mail via the inmate kiosks. Friends and Family members are encouraged to subscribe to MailGuard Tracker. Sign up for a free account and view delivery status, receive notifications if your mail is rejected, and download copies of mail that has been received and processed. Upon release, inmates can login into the public website at https://www.smartinmate.com/ and enter their inmate number and password to download their photos, messages, and postal mail for FREE! Legal mail, court documents, business mail, and publications will continue to be sent to the facility directly at 911 Parr Blvd. Reno, NV 89512 Contact Us Washoe County Sheriff's Office Location : 911 Parr Blvd, Reno, NV 89512 Phone : 775-328-3001 Email: sheriffweb@washoecounty.gov