Sheriff's Office | Oconto County, WI Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Message from the Sheriff On behalf of the Oconto County Sheriff's Office, I hope this message finds all of you well. The mission of the Oconto County Sheriff’s Office is to serve and protect our citizens through fair and impartial treatment. We believe it is our responsibility to uphold the constitutional rights of all citizens. We work to maintain respectful and trusting partnerships within our community to enhance the quality of life for everyone. We resolve to provide a positive, fulfilling and engaging experience for our team. We expect and reinforce leadership behaviors that contribute to that culture. Our workforce is the foundation upon which we achieve our public safety goals for the community we serve. We strive to improve quality of life by understanding and answering the needs of our community. We aim to protect the wellbeing and safety of the public by being an efficient and effective law enforcement team. We value safety, strive for excellence, and seek new innovative solutions to meet the challenges we face. Through trust, respect, obligation and teamwork we get the job done. Sincerely, Sheriff Skarban For emergencies dial - 911 For non-emergencies dial - (920) 834-6900 (Option 1) Contact Us Todd Skarban Sheriff Contact Todd Skarban Phone: 920-834-6900 Sheriff Physical Address View Map 220 Arbutus Avenue Oconto , WI 54153 220 Arbutus Avenue Oconto WI 54153 Directions Phone: 920-834-6900 Fax: 920-834-6915 Directory Community Maps - Online Accident Mapping Tool Information Homeland Security Investigations Victim Notification Program Wisconsin Roads Travel Information View All /QuickLinks.aspx Agendas & Minutes Zoning Permits Employment Oconto County Government 301 Washington Street Oconto, WI 54153 Phone: 920-834-6800 LandShark Economic Development/Tourism UW Extension New View Industries Historical Society Employee Links /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Accessibility Site Map Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow