Home | Cleburne County Municipalities Legislative Delegation Departments Close Departments Open Departments Departments Community Close Community Open Community Community Local Organizations News & Events How To Explore Cleburne Home Government Municipalities Legislative Delegation Departments Community Local Organizations News & Events How To Explore Cleburne Facebook Instagram Youtube Welcome to Cleburne County Alabama's High Point Explore Cleburne County Cleburne County is Alabama’s High Point —not just in elevation, but in opportunity, quality of life, and natural beauty. Anchored by the majestic heights of Cheaha State Park, the county is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts, with miles of scenic trails, rugged mountain biking paths, and some of the South’s most breathtaking hiking experiences along the Pinhoti Trail. We rise above with nationally recognized Blue Ribbon schools, a skilled and motivated workforce, and a growing industrial sector. With a low cost of living and a lifestyle that blends the charm of the gracefully Southern with the innovation of the thoughtfully modern, Cleburne County is where families thrive, businesses succeed, and adventure begins just outside your front door. Here, life reaches higher. Explore Cleburne County County Commission Revenue Commission Probate Office Economic Development EMA/911 Sheriff's Office Coroner Highway Department Quick Links Pay Property Tax Vehicle Registration Renewal Driver's License Renewal Business License Renewal Voter Registration Water Authority Sign Up For Emergency Alerts Apply for a New Address / Request a Driveway Pipe Latest News & Updates Municipalities Legislative Delegation Departments Community Local Organizations ©2026 All Rights Reserved. | Powered by Willingham Creative Sign Up For Emergency Alerts Cleburne EMA’s ultimate goal is to keep residents informed, safe, and when necessary communicate critical and actionable information before, during and after an emergency crisis. Providing ongoing pertinent communications including severe weather, missing or dangerous persons, road hazards and other public safety and community information is key in establishing an ongoing digital dialogue to keep our resident’s safe and informed. Using the link below, please input your personal information and choose what notifications you would like to receive. You will automatically be included in all Tornado Warning, Tornado Watch, and Severe Thunderstorm Warnings that are issued in your area. Sign Up Now Apply for a New Address / Request a Driveway Pipe There is no application fee for this permit. To apply to for a new address online, simply click the "Continue with Online Application" button below. If you prefer to download a copy of the application, you may do so HERE and return it to the Cleburne County Highway Department via one of the following options: Drop Off: 302 Haley Road, Heflin, AL 36264 Fax: 256-463-2085 Mail: P.O. Box 908, Heflin, AL 36264 Email: estes@cleburnecounty.us Please allow 2-3 business days from receipt of the application for the Cleburne County Highway Department to review field conditions prior to approval of the application. The purpose of this application is to allow the Engineer time to review proposed private entrance locations for adequate drainage features and safe sight distances to ensure no hazards are created for the traveling public. Cleburne County has in place a pipe policy (see page 3 of the application for details). If a resident chose not to take advantage of this policy and wished to purchase pipe and install their own access point, the Engineers office will make a recommendation on pipe size and locations on the basis of safe sight distances. Coordinates can be obtained using any handheld GPS device or location app on a phone. The location needs to be clearly flagged. Applicant’s Name: Date: Which are you applying for? Pipe Only Address Only Both Nearest Physical Address: Coordinates (33.67651, -85.56200): Location (miles from nearest intersection): (NOTE: Please identify the requested location by marking with flagging tape, wire flag, or wooden stake along the right-of-way of said County Road) Phone Number: Email Address: Access shall be subject to the approval of the Cleburne County Engineer or his/her designee. No access will be granted or approved which does not properly address drainage or safety criteria such as sight distance to support anticipated future traffic on the public highway system at the affected point(s). Access does not grant any right, claim or control over any part of the Cleburne County Highway rights-or-way (ROW). The applicant is not permitted to use Cleburne County’s ROW for any purpose other than for highway access and the maintenance or construction of the access point. All structures shall be placed beyond the ROW and shall in no way encroach thereon. Mail Boxes installed along the ROW shall be “break-away” structures not exceeding 4 inches in diameter for wooden supports or 2 inches in diameter for metal supports. In addition, during construction activities involving heavy equipment or large trucks, all driveways, highways, roads, alleys, streets or any aspect or part thereof, used to connect to or otherwise access or allow motor vehicle traffic on or onto any part of the Cleburne County public road system including Cleburne County ROW, shall be maintained sufficiently in order to prevent safety hazards along the Cleburne County public road system resulting from the proposed access. In the event that construction activities resulting from the residential, commercial, agricultural or industrial development or operation jeopardize the public safety, as determined by the Cleburne County Engineer or designee, the Cleburne County Sherriff or designee shall have the additional right to prevent entry onto the Cleburne County public road system until conditions improve to a point that there is no longer a safety hazard. Compliance with all requirements of the application is the responsibility of the applicant applying for the access. I hereby make formal request for a Private Entrance to County Road or onto Cleburne County ROW Recommendations: Cleburne County Pipe Policy January 12th, 2009 Whereas , the Cleburne County Commission has over the years modified its policies and procedures on the installation of driveway pipes for new residential location and construction and must from time to time adjust policy based upon County finances and conditions; and Whereas , the correct installation of driveway pipe along County right of ways is crucial to ensure proper drainage along County roadways and incorrect installations can result in severe damage to County owned and maintained infrastructure; Therefore , the Commission establishes policy relating to new residential location or construction along County maintained roads whereby the County will provide installation of one driveway pipe at no cost to the landowner when the installation and specification of the pipe is coordinated with the County Engineer’s Office and purchased accordingly by the landowner, Should a landowner desire multiple installations (circular drive, etc.) performed by the County, then all subsequent installations will carry a $1,000 charge to the landowner. All installations of driveway pipe by the landowner shall be approved by the County Engineer, or his representative, and shall be of approved sizes, locations, and installation methods to ensure the safety of the traveling public. By typing your name below, you are providing your electronic signature and confirming your agreement to the terms of this application and the Pipe Policy outlined above: Submit Application