Steuben County Jail’s Mail Policy 
1.      The Jail reserves the right to inspect all mail, incoming and outgoing. Mail considered as 
privileged correspondence will be inspected in the presence of the inmate. Privileged correspondence is 
defined as correspondence to or from: 
·         Attorneys 
·         Courts 
·         Government Officials 
 
2.      All incoming and outgoing mail may be opened and inspected for contraband and prohibited 
property prior to the inmate receiving the mail or prior to the mail being sent from this 
facility.  Exception: privileged correspondence shall be opened and inspected in the presence of the 
inmate. Any article or mail item found to be in violation may be placed in the inmate’s property or 
passed on to investigators for possible criminal action. 
 
3.      Inmates may not be allowed to read or look at incoming mail that contains any prohibited items. 
These items may be placed into the inmate’s personal property. Prohibited items in incoming mail 
may include, but are not limited to: Polaroid photographs, photographs containing nudity and/or 
suggestive clothing, alcohol, drugs or gang indicators, material containing gang indicators, obscene 
photographs, obscene pictures, copies of obscene pictures/photographs, obscene graphics, photographs 
exceeding a 5x7 inch dimension, greeting cards of any kind, envelopes, stamps, copies from magazines, 
newspaper articles, copies of newspaper articles, internet pages, copies of internet pages, copies of 
books, stickers, glitter, glue, perfumed letters or letters with a foreign odor, greeting cards, legal 
discoveries not provided by the inmate’s attorney on record, boxes, parcels, packages, some commercial 
mail, lipstick on letters, games, copies of games out of a book, off of the internet or from a newspaper, 
and letters written in colored ink, colored pencil, marker, paint or crayon. 
 
4.      Incoming mail must be written in blue/black ink or pencil only (no marker, colored pens, colored 
pencils, crayons or other writing material is accepted). Incoming mail must be on white lined paper only 
enclosed in a plain white envelope, colored envelopes will be denied and placed into the inmate’s 
property or returned to sender. 
 
5.    All incoming mail without a return address will be placed into the inmate’s property. Each envelope 
must contain mail from the person(s) on the return address. Any mail that is discovered in the envelope 
not matching the name(s) on the return address may be returned to sender.   Incoming mail that does 
not contain a name in the return address may be “returned to sender.”   
 
6.      All names and address information on incoming and outgoing mail must be legible. 
 
7.      Mail is processed as soon as possible at this facility. Mail should be distributed daily. There will be 
no mail distributed on Sundays or legal holidays. 
 
8.  Packages: No packages of any kind will be accepted for the inmate unless approved by the Shift 
Supervisor.  All packages are subject to inspection for contraband, removal of funds and/or prohibited 
items.