Caswell County Sheriffs office Home Sheriff Start your career Join Our Team Gun Permits Concealed Permits Departments Administration Civic Office Detention Center Evidence Investigations Narcotics Patrol Division & K9 School Resource Officers Contact US Contact Us Helpful Links Programs Crime Stoppers Sheriff's Welcome The Caswell County Sheriff's Office believes in the dignity and worth of all the people. It is the duty of our office to safeguard lives and property as well to protect the innocent from becoming victims of deception and oppression while always respecting the constitutional rights of our citizens. We are dedicated to providing the highest level of service possible with the goal of improving the quality of life for all of its citizens in Caswell County. Through innovative leadership and a partnership with those who we serve, we are dedicated, capable and well prepared to enforce all laws deter criminal activity, protect and serve the citizens of Caswell County. quick links Crimestoppers School Resource Officers School Resource Officers Do you have an anonymous tip you'd like to submit? Contact crime stoppers, it's free and completely anonymous! Submit a tip School Resource Officers School Resource Officers School Resource Officers Do you have any questions or concerns how our SRO's are keeping your child safe while in class? Contact the SRO to learn more. SRO Officer News School Resource Officers Sex Offender Registry Want to know what's occurring at the sheriffs department? Follow us on our Facebook Page to find to know more! Find out more Sex Offender Registry Sex Offender Registry Sex Offender Registry Do you need to quickly find out who is on the North Carolina's Sex Offender Registry? Click the box below to be redirected to the registry list. Search Weather Sex Offender Registry Weather Want to know today's weather? Click the button below to find out today's forecast. Found out more Connect With Us Download the Official Sheriffs app! Privacy Policy Website Disclaimer Caswell County Sheriff's Office 231 County Park Rd, Yanceyville, NC 27379 336-694-9311 Copyright © 2022 Caswell County Sheriffs Office - All Rights Reserved. Powered by This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept