Utah County Sheriff's Office Utah County Sheriff's Office Join Our Team Find out more about careers with Utah County Sheriff's Office. Apply Now Utah County SWAT Team Responding to high risk situations for over 50 years. Learn More Utah County's K9 Team Proudly serving Utah County for over 20 years. Learn More Utah County Recreation Team Focuses on the off-road areas with their four-wheel drive vehicles, ATV’s, snowmobiles, and Watercraft. UTAH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE Online Fees & Payments Recovered Property Forms Inmate Lookup Sex Offender Registry Hire an Off-duty Deputy Utah County Probation (UCP) Emergency News Feed - Flooding Information Sheriff Mike Smith What we do The Utah County Sheriff's Office provides law enforcement services to the unincorporated areas of Utah County and contract cities, as well as co-operative support services to local, state and federal law enforcement agencies and organizations. Our Mission The mission of the Utah County Sheriff's Office is to professionally and effectively meet its delegated and statutory responsibilities. To do so, the office is organized to provide quality protection and services to the citizens of Utah County in a cost effective manner. Under Sheriff Shaun Bufton The Utah County Sheriff's Office strives to provide the best public safety and service to the residents of Utah County. Using Know Your Force surveys gives us the opportunity to see how effectively we are meeting this mission. Know Your Force uses a QR-code-based survey to provide us feedback from the community we serve. You can read more about Know Your Force at knowyourforce.com Connect with us: Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Subscribe on YouTube Follow us on Twitter Enforcement Corrections Investigations Support Services Search & Rescue Out an Outlaw Utah County Fire Department Contract Cities Media News & Press Releases More News & Press Releases Follow Us on Twitter Copyrights © All Rights Reserved by Utah County Sheriff's Office Terms of Use / Privacy Policy Utah County Sheriff's Office · 801-851-4000