Clarke County Sheriff's Office | Athens-Clarke County, GA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Departments & Offices H - Z Sheriff Clarke County Sheriff's Office Last Content Update: Last month Serving Our Community The Clarke County Sheriff's Office exists to provide services for the protection of life and property and the preservation of the public peace in Athens-Clarke County. The sheriff is responsible for the physical health and welfare of all inmates in the jail and the management of their property and money. Services Provided The Sheriff's Office serves criminal warrants, civil papers, and subpoenas; executes evictions; transports prisoners to court; extradites prisoners from other states to court; and provides security for the State, Superior, Municipal, Magistrate, and Juvenile courts as wells as juries, the Clarke County Courthouse, and the courthouse parking deck. The Sheriff's Office also serves as a source of information, providing lectures and programs to community groups, civic associations, and schools. Mission The mission of the Clarke County Sheriff's Office is to serve our community through intentional engagement, access and transparency. We are dedicated to conducting ourselves in a manner respectful of the trust that has been placed upon us. We will perform the constitutional and statutory mandates of the Office of Sheriff with the highest degree of competence, skill and professionalism. We strive to actively enforce the laws of our state and to safely operate our detention facilities through progressive, innovative and humane practices aimed towards rehabilitating those in custody through non-conventional methods and returning citizens back into our community with hope and a chance for a successful future. We are dedicated to this mission and to the people we serve to ensure that Clarke County is a safe place to live, work and visit. Vision Our vision is to be a nationally recognized public safety organization dedicated to deliberate service to our community. We will achieve excellence through education, training and empowering our employees to provide the highest professional services to the citizens of Clarke County. We are determined to provide a Sheriff's Office that is progressive, service oriented and purpose driven to influence and embrace change. Goal We, the men and women of the Clarke County Sheriff's Office, pledge to infuse our core values in every aspect of our service to our community. Our four core values are: Service - We pledge to maintain a servant mind state with a community oriented approach. Dignity - We strive to engage with our community in such a manner that each person is left with their dignity intact. Respect - We will be respectful in all interactions with our community members. Professionalism - We are skilled in the performance of our duties and governed by the code of ethics that demands integrity by word or by act publicly and privately, the allegiance to our oath of office and the laws that govern our nation. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Commitment Statement The Clarke County Sheriff's Office is committed to building a culture that promotes and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. A diverse and inclusive workforce ensures that the Sheriff's Office benefits from the backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences of its employees. Diversity, equity, and inclusion are essential to law enforcement operations and to the critical mission of the Clarke County Sheriff's Office. How to Send Inmate Mail Note: Bulk mailings are NOT permitted at JailATM.com and will be denied. In an effort to curb the introduction of drugs into facilities, Clarke County Jail has updated their procedure for sending mail to inmates. All inmate personal mail will be sent to a central processing facility, opened, scanned, and made available electronically to the inmate at the facility for a period of 14 days on devices. Books are accepted via mail order from Amazon or from the Publisher. Books depicting GANGS, GAMBLING, SEX, PORNOGRAPHY or ILLEGAL DRUGS will be rejected and donated to an outside entity. Rejected books will not be placed in inmate property. Undergarments ("whites") sent through Amazon or mail order must be unbranded, generic, Haynes, or Fruit of the Loom. NO DESIGNER BRAND whites. Rejected undergarment orders will be donated to an outside entity. Personal inmate mail Use the following address utilizing existing jail facility mail rules: JailATM.com – Clarke County Jail Inmate Name / Inmate Number 925B Peachtree St. NE, Box 2062 Atlanta, GA 30309 Legal Mail Legal mail shall be mailed directly to the jail facility. All legal mail must be sent by a legally approved entity. Contact the jail for list of legally approved entities. Legal Mail Inmate Name/Inmate Number Clarke County Jail 3015 Lexington Rd Athens, Ga 30605 Money Orders Money Orders shall be mailed directly to the jail facility. Attn: Business Office Inmate Name/Inmate Number Clarke County Jail 3015 Lexington Rd Athens, Ga 30605 Business and Transactional Documents Business and Transactional documents must be mailed directly to the jail facility. These include: Checks Passbooks Deposit Slips Birth Certificates Social Security Cards Driver's License Alien Registration Card/Green Card Welfare Card Medical Card School Diplomas Personal Identification Card To mail official documents, use this address: Attn: Business Office Inmate Name/Inmate Number Clarke County Jail 3015 Lexington Rd Athens, Ga 30605 Official documents sent directly to the institution will be process by the procedure below. Transactional Documents For transactions that require the inmate to sign or otherwise enter information on an original in order to carry out a transaction (i.e. endorsing a check, transferring a vehicle title, etc.) the original document must be mailed as follows: Attn: Business Office Inmate Name/Inmate Number Clarke County Jail 3015 Lexington Rd Athens, Ga 30605 The Business Office/designee will coordinate a time for the inmate to review, sign documents if desired and pay to have the document mailed out of the facility. Any general inmate correspondence for the inmate included with transactional documents will be destroyed and inmates will not be permitted to keep original documentation sent through this process. Mail Requirements for Inmates All inmates are permitted to send and receive mail. Mail can be sent to anyone EXCEPT: victims of your crime, inmates, former inmates, parolees, probationers, co-defendants, current or former Jail employees, current or former contract employees, current or former volunteers, anyone who has an active Protection from Abuse Order (PFA) against the inmate that prohibits such contact. Procedimiento de correo en espanõl https://www.accgov.com/1258/Inmate-Mail-Telephone We now offer two ways to remotely communicate with residents - Pay Tel Communications (Phone) and JailATM (Video Visitation & Email). Onsite visitation is for professional visits only. Onsite visitation is for attorney/professional visitation only. Telephone service is provided by Pay Tel Communications . For assistance, you may contact Pay Tel via the following methods: Automated Phone System Friends and Family may call 1-800-729-8355 to access an Automated Phone System, available in English and Spanish, 24-hours a day. The Automated Phone System allows for these methods: make a payment or open an account, provide a rate quote, block a phone number, determine why a number is blocked, check account balance, and receive information about requesting a refund. The customer can also follow the voice prompts to speak directly with a Customer Service Representative. Website Friends and Family can set up and manage an account via the Pay Tel website, www.paytelconnect.com , available in English and Spanish, 24-hours a day. The website allows for these methods: make a payment or open an account, provide a rate quote, check account balance, and request a refund. Mobile Application Once an account is established, the Pay Tel Connect ™ mobile app (available in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store) can be downloaded and used to make a payment and check account balance. Video Visitation and Email Now Available through JailATM.net Video Visits now available via internet 15 minute scheduled visit $3.75 Unscheduled video visit 25 cents per minute Visit JailATM.com to create an account Visit schedule: 9-11 am; 1-4 pm, 6-9 pm Email service now available through JailATM.com Individuals in ACC Jail can send emails for 50 cents, or send collect emails Members of the public may send emails for 50 cents. Follow us on: Staff Directory Sheriff John Q. Williams Sheriff Email Phone: 706-613-3250 More Information Sheriff's Office sheriff@accgov.com Physical Address 325 E. Washington St. Suite 125 Athens , GA 30601 Phone: 706-613-3250 Fax: 706-613-3255 Directory Clerk of Superior and State Courts Athens-Clarke County Magistrate Court Athens-Clarke County Municipal Court Athens-Clarke County Probate Court Georgia Association of Chiefs of Police View All /QuickLinks.aspx What are the visitation hours at the Clarke County Jail? What are the public services and fees offered by the Sheriff's Office at the Clarke County Courthouse? What am I prohibited to bring into the Clarke County Courthouse? When may attorneys and professionals visit at the jail? View All /FAQ.aspx Jobs Payments Notify Me® Report a Problem Facebook Twitter Pinterest Delicious Blogger LinkedIn Home My Account Printer Friendly Email Page Contact Us RSS Site Map Translate Page Notifications Documents Athens-Clarke County Unified Government P.O. Box 1868 Athens, Georgia 30603 Website Administrator Department & Staff Contacts Meeting Agendas & Minutes Boards, Authorities, & Commissions Code of Ordinances Online Documents Videos Employee Login Copyright Notices Site Map Accessibility Government Websites by CivicPlus® /QuickLinks.aspx Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow