Home - Jackson Sheriff Skip to content About Services Pay Fines / Tickets Careers Press Releases Media FAQ Contact Us Jackson County Sheriff's Office We Serve and Protect Contact US " See that you do not look down on one of these little ones, for I say to you that their angels in heaven continually behold the face of My Father who is in heaven." – Matthew 18:10 (NASB) Message From The Sheriff Jackson County Sheriff’s Office is proud to introduce Sheriff Russell Brinsfield! Sheriff Russell Brinsfield has taken office as the new Sheriff of Jackson County, elected on January 1st, 2023. He brings a wealth of experience and a strong commitment to serving and protecting the citizens of Jackson County. Sheriff Brinsfield is focused on strengthening the relationship between law enforcement and the community, and addressing pressing issues such as crime and drug trafficking. The Sheriff’s Office is proud to have Sheriff Brinsfield at the helm, and the citizens of Jackson County can rest assured that they are in good hands. He is dedicated to serving and protecting the community and will work tirelessly to keep Jackson County safe and secure. Read more About Jackson County Locate Registered Sex Offenders Most Wanted Fugitives Most Recents One More Person can make All the Difference We need You at the Sheriff's Office Apply for a Job All Opportunities Forms and Reports General Feedback Extra Patrol Request Residence Security Check Commend an Employee General Feedback Your opinion about the Sheriff’s Office is important to us and we take it seriously. We welcome your feedback in order to maintain and improve our professional standards. If you have general comments and/or observations about sheriff personnel and would like to provide us with feedback about how we’re doing, please complete the form. This form does not require your name or your email for delivery. You may choose to provide your contact information by selecting the appropriate check-box prior to submitting the form. Subject Message Contact me if further details are needed Name * Email * Phone Number * Δ Extra Patrol Request Extra Patrol Requests make it possible to inform patrol officers of consistent neighborhood problems or conditions that are not of an emergency nature. This initiative is designed to be an effective, proactive response to neighborhood concerns. Example: groups of disorderly teens that routinely congregate on local street corners. Likewise, this mechanism has been successfully used to inform the sheriff office of special community events so that officers can provide additional security. Basically, any non-emergency problem or condition that the patrol force should be made aware of can be reported using the Extra Patrol Request form below. Please include as much information as you can. Incomplete or inaccurate information will delay processing and may compromise our ability to quickly and effectively respond. Type of Issue (*) --- Abandonned auto Drunk/Disorderly crowed Excessive Noise Nuisance Property Graffiti Vandalism Speeding / Other traffic issue Other (describe below) Time & Date or Ongoing (*) Address/Street/Subdivision where issue is occurring (*) Details of Complaint and Location (*) Please note that you may remain anonymous, however, if you choose to do so we will be hindered in our ability to gather additional information from you that might aid us in attaining a long-term solution to this problem. Consequently, your anonymity may compromise the efficacy of our efforts to resolve the problem in a satisfactory manner. If you elect to provide us with your identity, we will treat it as confidential information and will not disclose it outside this agency except as required and permitted by law. Contact me if further details are needed Name Email Phone Number Δ Residence Security Check Are you leaving for a family vacation or for a business trip? The Sheriff’s Office provides the residents of Jackson County with a free residence security check, situation permitting. Please provide the following information at least 72 hours before the service is needed. The Sheriff’s Office offers this service to the citizens of Jackson County, Arkansas on a limited basis. Our patrol officers will check on your residence up to two times per day, when possible and circumstance allow. Any crime or property damage that may occur during your absence can not and will not be the responsibility of this department or city. Address of residence to be checked Person requesting residence check Primary Phone Number Alternate Phone Number Email Address Date of Departure Time of Departure Date of Return Time of Return Local Contact's Phone Address of contact person Permission granted to enter back & side yards? Yes No Is there a risk of an officer/pet encounter at this residence? Yes No Will lights be left on in the residence? (Recommended) Yes No On a Timer Is a friend or neighbor picking up your newspaper and/or mail? (Recommended) Yes No Will any motor vehicle(s) be left in driveway/garage? Yes No I agree to not hold the Sheriff's Office responsible for any damage to or loss of property that may occur during my absence. Submit Residence Security Check Commend an Employee If you would like to commend an employee of the Sherif’s Office, please fill out this form. Thank you. Name Home Address City State Zip Code Home Phone Work Phone Cell Phone Email Adress Location of Incident Date of Incident Time of Incident Sheriff Report Number (if applicable) Sheriff Employee(s) Involved Details of Commendation By sending this report, I confirm that it is a true and honest account. Send Emergency: Dial 911 Address 3300 Theater Dr.PO Box 647Newport, Arkansas 72112 Call Us (870) 523-5842 (24 hours) Administrative Office Hours M-F 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. Visit Arkansas.com Arkansas State Police VINE National Center for Missing & Exploited Children Jackson's County Map Facebook Fax 870-523-7418 Send Us a Message Send Jackson County Sheriff’s Office | © 2015 – 2018 Jackson County, Arkansas Go to Top