Lincoln County Sheriffs Office, Colorado Welcome to the Lincoln County Jail. We are responsible for the safety and security of the citizens of Lincoln County by housing anyone that has been arrested within Lincoln County until they are able to bond, or be released from their charges. The Lincoln County Jail is a 40 bed facility housing pre-trial inmates and sentenced inmates. Newly admitted inmates are searched, fingerprinted, photographed, and housed separately for up to 24 hours or until appropriate clearances are made, prior to being placed in general jail population. We provide security for the Lincoln County Court complex, including a full time manned metal detector, court room security and deputies patrolling interior/exterior of the facility. We retrieve and return inmates from other detention facilities all over the State of Colorado to attend Court proceedings. We are also responsible for coordinating extraditions to and from out of state jurisdictions. The Medical Division for inmate care is an agreement/partnership with the southern health partners (SHP). This medical contract has already made an impact on quality of care for the inmate population and has cut our inmate transportation costs dramatically. This company has not just improved cost efficiency for the Lincoln County Jail but has brought multiple programs to assist inmate’s with mental health, drug/alcohol addiction, withdrawals and assistance to continue once released from custody. Vinelink Do you want to be notified by phone, email, or text, if an offender is released or moved? Go to www.vinelink.com. It's free and easy. Securus phone services Begin receiving inmate calls today with Securus Phone Services. Click to learn more. Securus video connect Visit an incarcerated individual from anywhere with Securus Video Connect. Pay Onsite Bond Pay Cash Bond Send a care package (new) eMessaging (new) Mailing system (new) PREA Annual Report Inmate visitation hours : Saturday - 08:00 to 17:00. You must be 18+ to visit, or accompanied by an adult. No items from outside will be allowed in the jail. All necessary items may be purchased from the jail commissary. Inmate money accounts : Money in the form of a personal check or money order may be mailed to inmates. However, checks and money orders will be held for 7 business days to clear payment. Cash must be delivered by hand. To place money on an inmate phone account, please follow the link to Securus Phone Services . To fund an inmates account for spending within the jail, please follow the link Inmate Canteen . U.S. Mail Exemptions : The Lincoln County Sheriff's Office reserves the right to photocopy the entire mail parcel and provide the photocopy to inmates in luei of the original documents and envelopes. 103 3rd Avenue, P.O. Box 10, Hugo, CO. 80821 (719) 743-2846