Dorchester County Sheriff's Office | Dorchester County, SC website Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Go Contact Information Summerville Office & Mailing Address 212 Deming Way Summerville, SC 29483 (843) 832-0300 St. George Office 101 Ridge St. Suite 1 St. George, SC 29477 (843) 563-0259 Detention Center (843) 832-0215 Administrative Office Hours 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM Monday - Friday Excluding Holidays Professional Standards Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Font Size: + - Mission Statement It is the mission of the Dorchester County Sheriff’s Office to improve the quality of life by providing a safe environment for all people within our county. This is done by collaborative efforts of the Sheriff’s office and the community. We will maintain a high standard of professional accountability to our citizens, always being mindful to be fiscally responsible. We will serve all people of Dorchester County with dignity, respect, fairness, and compassion. Our agency has the responsibility to serve our citizens by enforcing federal state and local laws while holding ourselves to the highest standards of performance and ethics. Our agency will serve the citizens, placing a strong emphasis on customer service, effective enforcement strategies, and problem-solving. We are dedicated to the protection of life, property, the constitution of this State and the constitution of the United States of America. Accreditation The Dorchester County Sheriff's Office is proud to be recognized as a South Carolina Law Enforcement Accredited Agency. South Carolina Law Enforcement Accreditation (SCLEA) is the official South Carolina state accrediting authority for law enforcement agencies. SCLEA is an initiative of the S.C. Police Chiefs’ Association and S.C. Sheriffs’ Association. The program requires agencies seeking accreditation to meet 304 law enforcement related standards. The Dorchester County Sheriff's Office initially received accreditation through the South Carolina Law Enforcement Accreditation program in 2016 and has been reaccredited twice, most recently in 2022. Community Engagement Sheriff Sam Richardson believes it is important to have open lines of communication with the communities we serve. The Neighborhood Watch program is one of the oldest and most effective crime prevention programs in the country. It maintains a critical two-way dialogue between citizens and law enforcement to deter crime and make communities safer. If you are interested in starting a neighborhood watch program, or if you would like to request the Dorchester County Sheriff's Office presence at a Crime Watch Meeting please contact: Lieutenant Travis Mitchell , Community Engagement Division, Dorchester County Sheriff's Office. Mailing Address: 212 Deming Way, Box 9, Summerville, SC 29483 Phone: 843-832-0300 (Office) Email: TMitchell@dorchestercountysc.gov Media & Public Records Requests All media requests intended for the Dorchester County Sheriff's Office should be sent directly to Steven Wright. Media Inquiry & Freedom of Information Act Contact: Steven Wright, Public Information Officer, Dorchester County Sheriff’s Office Phone: 843-832-0300 (Office) Email: SDWright@dorchestercountysc.gov Freedom of Information, Rule 5, and subpoenas should be directed to our online records request portal . Facility Directory (843) 563-0100 Stay Connected, Get News, View Updates & Insights Home Services Our County Business Government How Do I... Contact Us Privacy Policy and Disclaimer WEBSITE DESIGN BY Granicus - Connecting People and Government View Full Site