Campbell County Sheriff's Office | Campbell County, VA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In CCVA Econ Dev CCVA Library CCVA Schools CCVA Parks & Rec Search Home Departments Community Services Sheriff's Office Campbell County Sheriff's Office The Campbell County Sheriff's Office provides law enforcement service throughout Campbell County, including the towns of Altavista and Brookneal. The Sheriff's Office is dedicated to protecting the life and property of County residents and to safeguarding each citizen's constitutional rights. It carries out its law enforcement duties based on the mutual respect and shared responsibility of the citizens it serves. The Campbell County Sheriff's Office attained Accreditation Status from the Virginia Law Enforcement Professional Services Commission in 1999. The Sheriff's Office has successfully been re-accredited every four (4) years since. The most recent assessment was conducted in 2020, during which time the locality was found to be in 100% compliance. In addition to law enforcement, the Sheriff's Office is responsible for courtroom security, enforcement of county ordinances, service of civil process and criminal warrants, community policing and crime prevention. The Office also provides School Resource Officers in each of the county's elementary, middle and high schools. These officers are a resource to the faculty and students and instruct on topics such as drug abuse, Virginia law, driver safety, and safe Internet use. Central Virginia Crime Stoppers The Office is an active member of Central Virginia Crime Stoppers . The Sheriff's Office places particular emphasis on the enforcement of drug and alcohol laws. Citizens and the Sheriff's Office work together in Neighborhood Watch programs in many areas of the County. Businesses in the area can likewise participate in the Business Watch program. Project Lifesaver International The Sheriff's Office is also a member of Project Lifesaver International , which is an innovative rapid response program aiding victims of Alzheimer's Disease and similar disorders, such as Down syndrome and autism, and their families. Project Lifesaver deploys specially trained teams with the most reliable technology available to locate and return wandering adults and children to their families and caregivers. Campbell County Sheriff's Office Honors America's 250th Anniversary with Commemorative Badges RUSTBURG, VA - In recognition of the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States, the Campbell County Sheriff’s Office is proud to announce that its deputies will wear special commemorative badges throughout the entire year of 2026. Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Requesting Public Records To request a public record through the Virginia Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) from the Campbell County Sheriff’s Office, please send a request to: Rhonda Mason ; (434) 332-9580. For more information about the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, go to the Public and Employee Relations page on this website. Sheriff's Office Whit Clark Sheriff 87 Courthouse Lane P.O. Box 280 Rustburg, VA 24588 (434) 332-9580 DIAL 9-1-1 FOR EMERGENCIES Email Facebook Career Opportunities Central Virginia Crime Stoppers National Center for Missing & Exploited Children Project Lifesaver Victim Information and Notification Network Virginia Department of Criminal Justice Services Virginia Sheriff's Association Virginia State Police Sex Offender Registration Search The Aware Foundation of Virginia View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Employment Opportunities Online Payments Tax Information 47 Courthouse Lane Suite 1 Rustburg, VA 24588 (434) 332-9500 County Comprehensive Plan Board of Supervisors Budget Information County Code Emergency Preparedness FAQs Agendas and Minutes /QuickLinks.aspx Home Employee Email Employee Portal Accessibility Site Map Copyright Notices Government Websites by CivicPlus® /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow