Jail Division – Johnson County Indiana Sheriff's Office Home About About the Sheriff’s Office Meet the Johnson County Sheriff Administrative Staff Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) In Memoriam Divisions Road Division Investigations Division Jail Division Reserve Division Records Civil Process Crisis Intervention Team Sheriff’s Sales Programs AWARE Program Crisis Intervention Team Livestock Registration Sheriff’s Charity Ride Resources Bicycle, Moped, and ATV Laws County Ordinances Crime & Narcotics Tips Crime Prevention Criminal Background Checks Domestic Violence Financial Crime Resources Golf Carts & Off-Road Vehicles Gun Permits Helpful Links Peddler Information & Application Victim Rights Workplace Violence Employment Sex Offender Registry 1091 Hospital Road, Franklin IN 46131 Administration: 317-736-9155 Investigations: 317-346-4615 Jail 317-346-4716 Fax: 317-736-2200 Home About About the Sheriff’s Office Meet the Johnson County Sheriff Administrative Staff Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) In Memoriam Divisions Road Division Investigations Division Jail Division Reserve Division Records Civil Process Crisis Intervention Team Sheriff’s Sales Programs AWARE Program Crisis Intervention Team Livestock Registration Sheriff’s Charity Ride Resources Bicycle, Moped, and ATV Laws County Ordinances Crime & Narcotics Tips Crime Prevention Criminal Background Checks Domestic Violence Financial Crime Resources Golf Carts & Off-Road Vehicles Gun Permits Helpful Links Peddler Information & Application Victim Rights Workplace Violence Employment Sex Offender Registry Home About About the Sheriff’s Office Meet the Johnson County Sheriff Administrative Staff Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) In Memoriam Divisions Road Division Investigations Division Jail Division Reserve Division Records Civil Process Crisis Intervention Team Sheriff’s Sales Programs AWARE Program Crisis Intervention Team Livestock Registration Sheriff’s Charity Ride Resources Bicycle, Moped, and ATV Laws County Ordinances Crime & Narcotics Tips Crime Prevention Criminal Background Checks Domestic Violence Financial Crime Resources Golf Carts & Off-Road Vehicles Gun Permits Helpful Links Peddler Information & Application Victim Rights Workplace Violence Employment Sex Offender Registry Click Here for Current Inmate List Bond Schedule LR41 – CR – 020. Scope of the Johnson County Court Bail Bond Schedule. Unless the bail bond amount has been endorsed in a warrant or ordered by the Circuit, Superior or City Courts of Johnson County, the Johnson County Standard Bail Bond Schedule shall apply to all persons charged with offenses in Johnson County. The Johnson County Standard Bail Bond Schedule does not apply to any person who is charged with Juvenile Delinquent or Juvenile Status offenses. The Johnson County Standard Bail Bond Schedule supersedes any general schedules relating to bail or bonds previously issued by the Johnson County Circuit, Superior, or City Courts. LR41 – CR – 021. Review. All bail bonds fixed pursuant to the Johnson County Standard Bail Bond Schedule shall be subject to review by a judicial officer upon the written request of either party. All cash bail bonds shall be considered a personal asset of the Defendant, and shall be held in trust by the Court Clerk to be applied towards payment of the Defendant’s fines, court costs, indigent services, restitution, judgments and/or other fees which may be assessed by the Courts during the course of the proceedings. In the event that a cash bond is paid, but no charges are filed within sixty (60) days, the Clerk may release the cash bond to the person who paid the bond. LR41 – CR – 022. Johnson County Standard Bail Bond Schedule. Unless otherwise ordered by the Court, the following shall be the amount set for the bail bonds: Murder NO BOND Level 1 Felony $100,000 Cash Class A Felony $150,000 Cash Level 2 Felony $ 75,000 Cash Class B Felony $ 75,000 Cash Level 3 Felony $ 55,000 Cash Class C Felony $ 25,000 Cash Level 4 Felony $ 35,000 Cash Class C Felony (HTV) $ 15,000 Cash Level 5 Felony $ 15,000 Cash Class D Felony $ 10,000 Cash Level 6 Felony $ 10,000 Cash Class A Misdemeanor $5,000 Cash Class B Misdemeanor $3,500 Cash Class C Misdemeanor $2,500 Cash All bonds may be posted in full in cash – OR – ten (10%) percent in cash of the full amount. Johnson County Jail Information Restrictions The Johnson County Sheriff’s Office Jail Division and its employees work diligently in assisting all people who require our assistance and or our services. With our growing population of inmates and the many services that we offer, there comes a time when we must make changes in order to be more efficient in our day to day duties. We must always look for ways to manage our time and to perform those duties without certain interruptions. To maintain a high level of safety and security at the Jail we are restricting certain activities that occur at certain times. During the day there are normal activities that must take place at certain times. The Jail will restrict activities during the following times: 5:00am to 7:00am Morning 11:00am to 1:00pm Afternoon 4:00pm to 7:00pm Evening There will be no attorney visits, bonding, or any other type of activity that will involve inmate movement at the times listed above unless court ordered specifying a certain time that an interview must be conducted. Inmates will continue to be received and processed into the facility as well as released during these times, although other activities will be restricted as listed in this document. There will be exceptions made in extreme circumstances. Inmate Handbook – Rules Click Here for Inmate Handbook Visitation & Phone Calls On-Site Visitation: Visitation is conducted through the HomeWAV Video Visitation platform. HomeWAV.com | 844-394-6639 Customer Support Center | 7 days a week | 8am-5pm CST | 844.394.6639 Video Tutorials: https://www.homewav.com/video-tutorials/ Customer Service: support@homewav.com Refunds: refunds@homewav.com All visitors are required to create an account on the HomeWAV website . Persons under the age of 18 years must be accompanied by an adult with a valid HomeWAV account. During the visit the visitor and the inmate must be logged in under their individual credentials. No sharing visits by visitors or inmates. On-site visitations are scheduled 24 hours in advance pending visitor approval. Visitors are responsible for scheduling visits. On-site visits are available during the following times: Sunday: 1:00PM – 5:00PM Saturday: 8AM – 10PM, 1:00PM – 5:00PM Remote Video Visitation is available: By using the Johnson County Jail video visitation equipment, you are subject to recording and monitoring. All visitors must dress appropriately, suggested attire should be appropriate to wear around small children. No recording devices, cell phones or cameras are allowed in the visitation area of the jail. Please leave these items in your vehicle. No flashing or obscene behavior will be tolerated. Any visitor found to be in the violation will be blocked from all future visits. Inmate’s Use of Telephones: Inmates now utilize HomeWAV Voice through the video visitation systems to place regular phone calls. The phones are available in their housing areas daily from 8:00 AM to 11:00PM. HomeWAV Voice cannot call pagers, internet phones, etc. Money can be added to the inmate’s phone account through www.homewav.com utilizing the “Deposit Funds NOW!” button at the top of the HomeWAV webpage or by coming on-site and using the HomeWAV kiosk in the lobby. Sheriff and Jail Staff can only deliver verifiable emergency telephone messages. Jail Supervisor will verify thru Hospital, Coroner, and Funeral Home etc. HomeWAV Mobile App Free Download Commissary and Bonding JailATM.com Friends & Family Web Deposits (MasterCard, VISA, or bank debit card) Commissary Deposit Bonding via Web 1-866-933-6386 For JailATM.com issues ONLY Mailing Procedure Beginning Monday 5/24/2021, the Johnson County Sheriff’s Office-Jail will begin utilizing the HomeWav system to scan and receive standard mail. Inmates will no longer receive physical copies of mail sent to the facility; instead, it will continue to be screened in the Mail Room, then will be delivered electronically to the personal HomeWav accounts. In addition to inmate mail, CCS reports, outdate notifications/worksheets, and plea agreements/sentencing orders will be uploaded to their HomeWav Inbox in place of repetitively printing documents. Scanned mail will be available throughout the entirety of their time in custody. At this time, delivery and inspection of legal mail will continue in person. Photos sent from approved third-party vendors, as well as books and newspapers from approved vendors, will also be delivered in person. All decisions regarding mail remain under the authority of the JCSO Mail Room, and will make the final determination regarding authorized and unauthorized materials. All correspondence must have a complete return name and addressed in the following format: INMATE ADDRESS: INMATES FIRST AND LAST NAME FOLLOWED BY THEIR “NAME NUMBER” C/O JOHNSON COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE P.O. BOX 609 FRANKLIN, IN 46131 RETURN ADDRESS: (Example) YOUR FULL NAME 1234 YOUR STREET FRANKLIN, IN 46131 Be certain to have your return address in the upper left hand corner of the envelope (return address must be handwritten and not a mailing label). This will ensure the return of the letter in case the inmate has left our facility. Do not place any stickers or glitter on the outside of the envelope. Mail is always scanned and inspected for contraband, obscenity and other rule violations. Any legal correspondence will be opened in front of the inmate for inspection. Assume that everything you write will be read by jail staff and can and will be used against you or the inmate in court. Never write anything about the inmate’s court case you wouldn’t want read aloud in court. Mail is a right by law, but violations of mail policies can result in the inmate’s mail privileges being suspended for safety and security reasons. The introduction of contraband into the jail through the mail could result in criminal charges being filed against both you and the inmate. Examples of Contraband: Drugs, weapons, hazardous material, etc Stamps, stickers, stationary, envelopes, post-its, etc Staples, paper, clips, metal, plastic, laminations, balloons, and jewelry Musical greeting cards Altered mail such as perfumed or lipstick covered Paper with any type of stains such as grease Newspaper/Magazine clippings Hardback books Crayon, felt tip, glitter, ribbons, or painted drawings or cards All greeting cards must be simple single fold cards with no added items in/on the card All letters must be on standard size (8.5 x 11″) WHITE paper. No colored paper will be accepted. No computer generated letters will be allowed. All letters must be written in either pencil or black/blue ink only. No colored pens. Publications With the addition of tablets at the Johnson County Jail, no publications will be accepted inside the facility with the exception of religious publications. What is deemed a religious publication will be at the discretion of the Johnson County Jail mail staff and the mail staff will have the final say on what is authorized and unauthorized. Religious publications will still have to be sent directly from a “dot com” warehouse and must be new. Used religious publications are prohibited. Hardback publications are also prohibited. Bible studies are limited to 1 Bible study at a time and inmates may only be in possession of 1 Bible at a time as well. Newspapers may still be sent directly through the newspaper publisher with a valid subscription. To send an inmate of the Johnson County Jail a religious publication , please use the mailing address as follows: INMATES FIRST AND LAST NAME FOLLOWED BY THEIR “NAME NUMBER” C/O JOHNSON COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE PO BOX 609 FRANKLIN, IN. 46131 Receiving of Mail Mail is received five days a week, Monday through Friday, except holidays. The Sheriff’s Office is not responsible for any delays, lost mail, or damaged mail occurring while in transit to and from the facility. Any problems concerning incoming mail should be addressed to the mail room at (317) 346-4753. Major Matt Rhinehart Jail Division Commander Major Matt Rhinehart Matthew Rhinehart graduated from Center Grove High School in 1991 and began his law enforcement career in 1993 as a Reserve Deputy. During his service with Johnson County, Matt worked in the Johnson County Juvenile Detention Center, Johnson County Community Corrections in the work release program, and as a corrections officer in the Johnson County Jail. Matt was hired as a merit deputy in 1998, eventually earning the rank of Sergeant, and holding a Lieutenant’s rank for four years. Matt joined the SWAT team in 1997 and the bomb squad in 2002, he served as team leader on SWAT and enjoyed holding dual specialty responsibilities before stepping down to concentrate on the bomb squad. He is now the Johnson County Bomb Squad Commander. Matt is an ILEA instructor, ILEA firearms instructor, ILEA patrol rifle instructor, and a certified armorer in Glock pistols, AR-15, and the Remington 870 shotgun. Major Rhinehart has received training from the Indiana Law Enforcement Academy, Project Northstar SWAT operators school, FBI Hazardous Devices School, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, ATF post blast investigation, FBI counter IED, FBI Electronic Counter Measures, and Radiological and Nuclear detection. In his position as Jail Division Commander, Major Rhinehart oversees the daily operations of the Johnson County Jail, its occupants and employees.