Frederick County Sheriff's Office, MD top of page Sheriff's Office Open House! Join us for the Frederick County Sheriff's Office Open House event! ​ Meet your local deputies Tour our facility Check out specialty units and emergency vehicles Enjoy family-friendly activities ...and connect with other local community agencies!!! Enjoy food from In10se BBQ and Cousins Maine Lobster! Plus other free treats! ​ This is a great opportunity to see firsthand how we serve our community. We can't wait to see you there! June 24 |5-8PM Law Enforcement Center 110 Airport Dr. E Frederick, MD Integrity Driven • Community Built WELCOME The Frederick County Sheriff's Office exists to serve the community. We understand that we are one of the few agencies of government that never closes, and therefore, may be called upon to perform many different tasks for the community. If we are unable to provide a requested service, we will recommend an appropriate action or agency. We will always strive to professionally and enthusiastically respond to the community's needs. Meet the Sheriff Report a Crime Law Enforcement Detention Center Fingerprinting Info ABOUT OUR AGENCY Learn about what we do, why we do it, and how we strive to make a difference in the community. Read More CAREERS The Frederick County Sheriff's Office offers a variety of rewarding career opportunities. See what we offer and why we want you to come work for us and the citizens of Frederick County. Apply Today! COMMUNITY SERVICES Community is important to us. We offer a wide range of services, resources, and outreach for all citizens. Learn More NEWSROOM Two Found Deceased Inside Frederick Home; Investigation Ongoing FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE FREDERICK, Md. (June 23, 2026) –The Frederick County Sheriff’s Office is investigating the deaths of two individuals who were found deceased inside a residence in the 6100 block of Baldridge Circle in Frederick. On Monday, June 22, 2026, at approximately 4:35 p.m., deputies from the Frederick County Sheriff’s Office and personnel from Frederick County Fire and Rescue Services responded to the residence after a family member reported finding two individua FCSO Announces Arrests in November 2025 Seagull Court Shooting FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Khirias Williams Shianice Govan Marquis Williams FREDERICK, Md. (June 17, 2026) –Detectives with the Frederick County Sheriff’s Office (FCSO) have arrested multiple individuals in connection with a shooting that occurred on November 2, 2025, in the 6600 block of Seagull Court in Frederick. As previously reported, deputies responded to the area for an assault in progress that was later upgraded to a shooting. Upon arrival, deputies locat Fatal Single-Vehicle Collision in Myersville FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE MYERSVILLE, Md. (June 4, 2026) –On June 3, 2026, at approximately 8:58 p.m., deputies from the Frederick County Sheriff's Office responded to the 4400 block of Middle Point Road in Myersville for a reported single-vehicle rollover crash. The preliminary investigation indicates that a Chevrolet Silverado 1500 was traveling westbound on Middle Point Road when the driver lost control of the vehicle, left the roadway, and overturned. Personnel from the Divis See All bottom of page