Inmate Mail | Snohomish County, WA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Home My Account Printer Friendly Email Page Contact Us RSS Site Map Translate Page Notifications Documents CustomLinks_35 Sheriff's Office Corrections Inmate Services & Information Mail Inmate Mail Inmate Personal Mail All personal mail received for inmates is scanned and digitally delivered to them via computer tablets provided by the jail. After the mail is scanned, the original mail is destroyed. This applies to personal mail only and does not include attorney-client privileged (legal) mail or book and magazine orders , which should continue to be mailed directly to the facility. Please address all personal mail to inmates as follows: Inmate Name and ID # Snohomish County Sheriff’s Office PO Box 9196 Seminole, FL 33775 IMPORTANT - Inmate ID numbers are scanned by a machine. If the machine can’t read the number, your mail will NOT be delivered. Please write clearly to ensure your mail can be processed. Complete return address information is also required for the mail to be processed. Personal inmate mail sent to the jail’s physical street address in Everett, WA, will not be accepted and will be returned to the sender. Inmate mail may not be dropped off at the jail by family or friends nor will mail be accepted at the facility overnight via express mail from any of the mail or parcel carriers. All personal inmate mail once scanned will be destroyed and not returned to the sender. Please keep this in mind when sending photos or documents of sentimental value. DO NOT send money to an inmate using personal mail. Please visit our Inmate Accounts & Commissary webpage for information on depositing money in an inmate’s account. Attorney-Client Privileged (Legal) Mail Legal mail should be clearly marked as "LEGAL MAIL" and continue to be mailed directly to the facility at the following address: Inmate Name and ID # c/o Snohomish County Corrections 3025 Oakes Ave Everett, WA 98201 Please clearly mark on the envelope that it contains legal mail . DO NOT send legal mail to the address for personal inmate mail. Packages Care packages for inmates are not accepted through the mail or by direct delivery to the jail. Family and friends may order hygiene items, underwear and writing supplies for an inmate through Access Securepak online. Please visit the Inmate Accounts & Commissary webpage for more information. Books and Magazines Books and magazines may be sent to inmates only if they are sent from a publisher, warehouse retailer, or online book seller. Books and magazines purchased and sent from a private bookseller or local retail store will not be accepted. All books must be paperback. Books and magazines may be denied and returned to sender if found to contain nudity, sexual, or violent content, gang or crime related content or any content that has the potential to compromise the safety and/or security of the facility, inmates, staff or volunteers. Books and magazines should be sent to: Inmate Name and ID # c/o Snohomish County Corrections 3025 Oakes Ave Everett, WA 98201 Facebook Twitter YouTube Newsletter Translate County Jobs Current opportunities Jury Duty Keep Informed Payments Easily pay your bills online Waste What you need to know Taxes Search our database Licenses Application information Accessibility Copyright Privacy Policy Site Information Webpage Feedback Translate /QuickLinks.aspx Snohomish County Government 3000 Rockefeller Avenue Everett, WA 98201 Phone: 425-388-3411 Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow