Sheriff | Grant County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff Mission The Gr ​ ant County Sheriff's Office goal is to provide a safe and crime free atmosphere. It is also the goal to protect the public and their property. Duties Peace Officers of the Grant County Sheriff's Office are sworn to uphold the Federal and State Constitutions and to enforce Federal, State and Local Laws. The Grant County Sheriff's Office is responsible for answering calls, operating the enhanced 9-1-1 telephone and radio service, Court Security, Prisoner Transport, Civil Process, Investigation, Central Records keeping and Water Safety. Congratulations to Deputy Nelson! She has successfully completed 80 hours of training in D.A.R.E. (Drug Abuse Resistance Education) in Maple Grove. Deputy Nelson is now fully certified and excited to begin teaching students right here in Grant County! Great job, Logan — we are so proud of you! Thank you for your dedication to the Grant County Sheriff’s Office and to the residents of Grant County. Your commitment to our youth and community does not go unnoticed! Body Worn Camera Project Body worn cameras have shown to be a valuable tool for the law enforcement community. In addition to supporting transparency and building community trust, body worn cameras provide protection to officers, valuable evidence for prosecution, and training opportunities to improve officer performance. The Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA) offers a program to implement body worn cameras. The Grant County Sheriff’s Office did apply for the Body Worn Camera Policy and Implementation Program (BWCPIP) through the BJA and was chosen to be one of the recipients of the grant. The BJA will help pay for the body worn cameras and will aid in the implementation process. Also the Public Safety Aid Program funding that was passed in 2023 will also assist in the payment of the body worn camera project. It is the vision of the Grant County Sheriff’s Office to equip all licensed Peace Officers with body worn cameras. The Grant County Sheriff’s Office already utilizes in squad car mobile cameras. MN State Statute 626.8473 Portable Recording Systems Adoption; Written Policy Required states that the agency must accept public comments submitted electronically or by mail, and the governing body with jurisdiction of the budget of the law enforcement agency must provide an opportunity for public comment at a regularly scheduled meeting. Body Worn Cameras policy #428. Body Worn Camera Policy Video data is subject to Minnesota’s data privacy rules and generally most body worn camera video is not considered “public data”. Video data is presumptively private and only accessible in certain circumstances. Attached is the survey to the public for body worn cameras, or click the link below to take the survey online. A copy of the Survey will be at each City Hall in the contracted cities, as well as at the Grant County Sheriff’s Office, and Grant County Website. The public hearing with the Grant County Commissioners will be held on October 21 st , 2025. Body Worn Camera Survey Link: Survey Any questions or comments regarding the body worn cameras or policy can be directed to Chief Deputy Jennifer Vipond or Sheriff Jon Combs- 218-685-8280 or in writing to the Grant County Sheriff’s Office Attn: Chief Deputy Jennifer Vipond, 10 2 nd Street NE Elbow Lake, MN 56531 Who is considered a data subject? Who can view the Body-Worn Camera (BWC) video? What is redaction? View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx Sheriff's Office 10 2nd St. NE Elbow Lake, MN 56531 Ph: 218-685-8280 Fx: 218-685-5319 Hours 24/7 Staff Directory After Hours Drop Box Located in Courthouse Parking Lot Minnesota Pollution Control National Safety Council National Weather Service View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Regroup Licenses & Permits Tax / Parcel Grant County 10 2nd St. NE Elbow Lake, MN 56531-4400 Assessor Parks & Recreation Housing Youth & Family Senior Services Rainbow Rider Transportation Employment Sheriff’s Office County Departments Treasurer Western Prairie Human Services Real Estate /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow