Union County Sheriff's Office – Union County Sheriff's Office Skip to the content Close Menu 10 Elizabethtown Plaza, Elizabeth, NJ 07207 Phone: 908-527-4450 Fax: 908-527-4455 E-mail: peter.corvelli@ucnj.org Emergencies: Dial 911 Important Links Sheriff Foreclosure Sales In our efforts to improve public safety, we’d like to share information provided by the Office of the Attorney General addressing the increase in auto thefts throughout the state. The prevention tips and statistics shown below raise awareness and help New Jersey communities stay safe. Latest Press Releases May 19, 2026 New Jersey Judiciary Security Management Response Team May 12, 2026 Police Unity Tour May 1, 2026 Visit from K9 Dave and K9 Hobbes April 29, 2026 Stop The Bleed, Save a Life Before EMS Arrives April 27, 2026 2026 Autism Acceptance Celebration April 10, 2026 Union County Sheriff’s Office Mourns the Loss of Sheriff’s Officer Joseph DeVito March 10, 2026 The Union County Sheriff’s Office mourns the loss of Officer James Gritschke Social Media Feed Sheriff Peter Corvelli The Union County Sheriff’s Office led by Sheriff Peter Corvelli and is one of the largest law enforcement agencies in Union County. We are proud to provide unique law enforcement services to our community. Peter Corvelli, Sheriff We strive to ensure a safe and secure environment for visitors and employees at the Courthouse Complex in Elizabeth as well as several other locations throughout our county. The Sheriff’s Office maintains a presence in assisting the Department of Homeland Security, the Joint Terrorism Task Force, the Domestic Violence Joint Task Force, and the United States Marshal’s Fugitive Task Force. Our Crime Scene Unit responds to all major incidents in our county. The Sheriff’s Labor Assistance Program (SLAP), provides manual labor to our communities while keeping non-violent offenders out of jail. Our Municipal Transport program facilitates the transportation of municipal offenders to the county jail, thereby allowing more municipal police officers to remain in their jurisdictions to safeguard our streets. Our Search and Rescue Unit has maintained its status as a premier regional Police Canine Training Center and administers the Project Lifesaver program. Sheriff’s Officers instruct recruits and conduct in-service training at the John Stamler Police Academy as well as successfully operating our own annual Sheriff’s Office Youth Academy. The Union County Sheriff’s Office also operates our Family Violence Unit, the first of its kind in the State of New Jersey and provides Sheriff’s Officers to assist with staffing the Union County Family Justice Center. We are also responsible for processing and maintenance of records for arrested persons and assisting local law enforcement agencies in the identification of suspects in criminal investigations. The Legal Process Unit manages Foreclosure Sales and performs the service of court orders, summonses and complaints, notices of motions, orders to show cause, writs of attachments, levies, wage garnishments and other special garnishments. Official Website of the County of Union, New Jersey