Fleming County Fiscal Court Website Home Administration Officials Magistrates Fiscal Court Agendas / Minutes Audits Budgets Ordinances Holiday Schedule Departments Alcoholic Beverage Control Animal Control County Clerk County Treasurer Inmate Transport Dispatch Emergency Management PVA Road Department Sheriff's Office News & Info Calendar County Pics Contact Us Forms Links Open Recs Req Sheriff's Office Sheriff Sheriff Tim Smith 201 Court Square Flemingsburg, KY 41041 Phone: (606) 845-4701 Fax: (606) 849-8033 email: flemingcosheriff@gmail.com Website: Fleming County Sheriff's Office Tim Smith is the Sheriff of Fleming County. He graduated from police academy class 390 at the Dept of Criminal Justice Training in Richmond KY. He earned a Criminal Justice degree from MCTC. Tim retired from the KY Army National Guard with 22 years of service as a Chief Warrant Officer 3. Tim is married to his wife Ashley and they have 3 boys, Jake, TJ and Ryan. Office VISION The Fleming County Sheriff's Office strives to maintain the highest standards of excellence utilizing training and technology to create a safe environment for the citizens of Fleming County and the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Fleming County Tax Record Database The Fleming County Sheriff's Office is now offering a quick tax bill search for your convenience. Click on the button below to access the search page. Office MISSION The Fleming County Sheriff's Office will strive to fulfill the Duties and Responsibilities of the Sheriff's office through service, integrity, and professionalism. The Sheriff's Office will promote public safety utilizing partnerships to: A.) Prevent, reduce, and deter crime and the fear of crime; B.) Enhance highway safety through education and enforcement C.) Safeguard property and protect individual rights. The Fleming County Sheriff and his Deputies are duly sworn law enforcement officers in the Commonwealth of Kentucky authorized for arrest powers. The Fleming County Sheriff's Personnel shall enforce all local, state, and federal laws utilizing these powers. Departments Alcoholic Bev Control Animal Control County Clerk County Treasurer Inmate Transport Dispatch Emergency Management PVA Road Department Sheriff's Office You will need Adobe's Free, Acrobat Reader to view these documents. Download from Adobe Contents Copyright © 2024, All Rights Reserved Worldwide. Contents maintained by the Webmaster Unique Hits Fleming County Fiscal Court · 100 Court Square · Flemingsburg, KY 41041 · (606)845-8801 Web Site Design and Maintenance · Fiscalsoft Corporation