Main Street Point Pleasant - Home Home About Us History Our Staff & Board Committees Our Projects Organization Economic Vitality Design Promotion Farmers Market Local Shopping Resources Available Properties Business Resources Technical Services Donate Contact Menu Home About Us History Our Staff & Board Committees Our Projects Organization Economic Vitality Design Promotion Farmers Market Local Shopping Resources Available Properties Business Resources Technical Services Donate Contact Nationally recognized. ​Locally powered. The Four Points The Main Street Approach is a time-tested strategy rooted in a commitment to broad-based community engagement, a holistic understanding of the factors that impact the quality of life in a community, and strategic focus on the core principles of downtown and neighborhood revitalization: Economic Vitality, Design, Promotion, and Organization. Organization Organization involves creating a strong foundation for a sustainable revitalization effort and Building a Downtown Together , including cultivating partnerships, community involvement, and resources for the district. Economic Vitality Economic vitality focuses on Supporting Local ​ through capital, incentives, and other economic and financial tools to assist new and existing businesses, catalyze property development, and create a supportive environment for entrepreneurs and innovators that drive local economies. Design Design supports a community’s transformation by Creating a Destination ​ and enhancing the physical and visual assets that set the commercial district apart. Promotion Promotion means Celebrating Community , positioning the downtown or commercial district as the center of the community and hub of economic activity, while creating a positive image that showcases a community’s unique characteristics. Downtown eGift Cards Not sure what to get mom for Mother's Day or a friend for their birthday, but know that they like the shops and restaurants downtown? Get them a Downtown eGift Card here ! It works at nearly every business on Main Street, including retail shops, restaurants, and some salons and barber shops. Bulk orders for corporate partners and giveaways also available. Contact Director Chris at crizer@pointpleasantwv.org for more info. Cherry Tree Sponsorships Main Street Point Pleasant is working hard to replace our trees downtown with beautiful Kwanzan Cherry trees! To sponsor a tree for yourself, your business, or in memory of a loved one, you can click the link below and pay online or send a check to 305 Main Street, Point Pleasant, WV 25550 with your sponsorship info in the memo. After they're planted, we'll be introducing a Cherry Blossom Festival to downtown Point Pleasant! Start planning now to attend every Spring! Pay for a Tree Online Main Street in the News 31st Annual Sleighbell Ball raises more than $15,000 for Main Street Point Pleasant ​Downtown Point Pleasant Launches eGift Card Program to Boost Downtown Spending Annual Events Off Road on Main Street - 1st Weekend in March WV State Cherry Blossom Festival - 2nd Weekend in April Power Armor Fan Festival - 4th Weekend in April LibertyFest - July 4th Weekend Main Street Car Show - 4th Saturday in July Tribute to the River - Labor Day Weekend Mothman Festival - 3rd Weekend in September Battle Days - 1st Weekend in October Shop Small Saturday - Saturday after Thanksgiving Christmas on Main - 1st Weekend in December Waterfront Farmers Market - Saturdays, May to October Riverfront Artist Series Concerts - Fridays, June to August ​ Krodel Festival of Lights - Nightly, Saturday before Thanksgiving to New Years Day. © 2026 | Main Street Point Pleasant, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. 304-675-3844 | 305 Main Street, Point Pleasant, WV 25550 Site powered by Weebly. Managed by Exact Hosting Home About Us History Our Staff & Board Committees Our Projects Organization Economic Vitality Design Promotion Farmers Market Local Shopping Resources Available Properties Business Resources Technical Services Donate Contact