Detention Centers | Guilford County Skip to main content An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Search The Guilford County Sheriff's Office is responsible for the care and custody of inmates housed at two detention centers in Greensboro and High Point, due to the size and population of Guilford County. Our goal is to provide a safe and sanitary environment for inmates, visitors, and staff while maintaining security for the community. Each year, approximately 19,000 inmates are booked into the detention centers, with an average daily population of more than 800 inmates across both locations. Both detention centers follow the same policies, and inmates may be assigned or transferred between the two facilities at any time. Greensboro Detention Center High Point Detention Center Tab/Accordion Items Greensboro Detention Center Physical Address Visitation Hours Mailing Address 201 S Edgeworth St. Tuesday through Friday: Greensboro Detention Center Greensboro, NC 27401 8:30 to 10 a.m. Inmate Name, Inmate ID Number, Facility ID 5083 Phone: (336) 641-2700 2 to 3 p.m. PO Box 18247 Fax: (336) 641-2793 7:30 to 9 p.m. Greensboro, NC 27419 Captain J. Sellers The Guilford County Sheriff's Office, Greensboro Jail Central was constructed and occupied in 2012. The facility is podular-style construction and direct supervision is required to manage the inmate population. Rated capacity for Greensboro Jail Central is 1,032 with an average daily population of 690. The facility primarily holds pre-trial detainees but also holds a small percentage of sentenced inmates, federal inmates, and inmates awaiting transfer to other jurisdictions. Greensboro Jail Central offers rehabilitation programs such as Alcoholics and Narcotics Anonymous, life skills enrichment and health related programs. Religious services are also offered to all inmates through the Chaplain Services. High Point Detention Center Physical Address Visitation Hours Mailing Address 507 E. Green Drive Tuesday through Friday: Inmate Name, Inmate ID Number, Facility ID 5084 High Point, NC 27260 8:30 to 10 a.m. PO Box 18247 Phone: (336) 641-7900 7:30 to 9 p.m. Greensboro, NC 27419 Fax: (336) 641-4137 Captain A. Chidester The High Point Detention Center opened in January 1990 and is North Carolina's first "New Generation" direct supervision facility. The High Point facility has bed space to accommodate 274 inmates. The high-rise building measures 122,900 square feet. The High Point Detention Center offers classes in Adult Basic Education, Computer Literacy, Toastmasters, Alcoholics and Narcotics Anonymous, and Life Skills enrichment programs. Religious services are also offered to all inmates through the Chaplain Services. Inmate Search Recent Arrests Visitation Schedule Inmate Books and Clothing Canteen Accounts Mail Policies Tab/Accordion Items Visitation Schedule The general visitation schedule (in-person and remote) for the Greensboro Detention and High Point Detention facilities are as follows: Greensboro Detention Center Tuesday through Friday: 8:30 to 10 a.m. 2 to 3 p.m. 7:30 to 9 p.m. High Point Detention Center The general visitation schedule for the High Point Detention facilities are as follows: Tuesday through Friday: 8:30 to 10 a.m. Tuesday through Friday: 7:30 to 9 p.m. For inmates housed in Segregation: Wednesday: 9 to 10 a.m. Thursday: 7:30 to 9 p.m. There is no visitation (in-person or remote) on Mondays for either Greensboro and High Point Detention Centers and no in-person visitation on holidays. It should be noted that in-person visitation is conducted via monitor in a designated space out of view of the inmate and is free of charge. Remote (via personal smart device) visitation will incur a fee based on usage. All visitors must be registered in advance prior to scheduling a visit and may do so online at IWebVisit.com or in-person at either facility. Once registration is completed, you may then schedule a visit after a 24-hour waiting period, and all subsequent visits must be scheduled 24 hours in advance. Visitors may visit remotely up to two (2) times a day for 20 minutes each. In-person visitation is limited to two (2) times per week at non-consecutive times for 20 minutes each. In-person visitors must be signed up at least 20 minutes prior to the visitation closing time to be allowed to visit. All visitors must follow the rules and regulations of the Guilford County Detention Centers, and all visits are monitored and recorded. There should be no inappropriate behavior, including nudity while visiting. Each visitor should be dressed appropriately, or your visit will be terminated and possibly revoked. Any appropriate actions could also result in the inmate being charged with disciplinary infractions to include loss of visitation privileges. Inmate Books and Clothing Authorized clothing items must be purchased through the canteen. Books may be purchased for inmates through a publisher/distributor. We only accept books for inmates mailed directly from the publisher/distributor. (for example, Amazon, Walmart, Barnes and Noble). Canteen Accounts Funds for inmates may be deposited by using the IC Team3 kiosk located in the lobby of each detention center. The IC Team3 Lobby kiosk accepts cash, debit cards, VISA ,or MasterCard. If using a VISA or MasterCard, it must be attached to an open bank account and not a prepaid card. Cash deposits to the IC Team3 Lobby kiosks are limited to $300 per “rolling” week. The $300 dollar maximum applies to any given seven-day span. Funds can be deposited in an inmate’s account whether they are housed at either facility. These funds will be credited to the inmate’s account immediately upon completion of the transaction. Funds can be deposited to an inmate’s account online . Only certified/cashier’s checks or money orders are accepted by mail for deposit to an inmate’s account. No property or money can be exchanged between inmates. Money is accepted for inmates at the Greensboro facility 24 hours a day, seven days a week through the lobby kiosk, and at the High Point Detention Center Mondays at 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Tuesday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. through the kiosk located in the lobby. Mail Policies Address to Send All Non-Legal Mail: Effective immediately, non-legal inmate mail must be sent to the mail processing center. If your inmate is in the Greensboro Detention Center, address mail as follows: Guilford County Detention - Greensboro Inmate Name, Inmate ID Number, Facility ID 5083 PO Box 18247 Greensboro, NC 27419 If your inmate is in the High Point Detention Center, address mail as follows: Guilford County Jail – High Point Inmate Name, Inmate ID Number, Facility ID 5084 PO Box 18247 Greensboro, NC 27419 The envelope must have a complete, legible return address including the sender’s first and last name or the mail will not be scanned. The sender is responsible for the cost of postage. Mail with insufficient postage will be refused. The envelope must include the Facility Name, Inmate Name, Inmate ID number, and the Facility ID or the mail will not be scanned. Example of properly addressed mail to inmate at detention center As soon as mail is received by the inmate, the inmate can respond immediately by sending an instant message through the secure messaging application on the inmate tablets. To start messaging with an inmate today, ask the inmate to take the first step and send a message to a valid cell phone number. When the inmate sends the message, you will receive a text notification on your cell phone with a link to set up an account. Once an account is set-up, you will be able to view and send messages. Legal Mail/Privileged mail: Legal mail must be mailed directly to the facility. Legal mail for an inmate in the Greensboro Detention Center should be addressed as follows: Guilford County Detention - Greensboro Inmate full name, Inmate ID number 201 S. Edgeworth St. Greensboro, NC 27401 Legal mail for an inmate in the High Point Detention Center should be addressed as follows: Guilford County Detention – High Point Inmate full name, Inmate ID number 507 E. Green Drive High Point, NC 27260 Privileged mail must be marked as “Legal Mail” and will be opened by facility staff in the presence of the inmate. Mail processing requirements: Mail arriving with postage due will be refused and returned to sender if possible Mail must be no more than 10 pages per envelope Page size must be no larger than 8.5” x 11” Mail can include written or typed pages, photos, drawings or greeting cards. (No polaroid photos.) Mail processing center restrictions: Do not mail legal/privileged mail to the mail processing center. See instructions above for Legal/Privileged Mail. Do not send cash, personal checks, or money orders to the mail processing center (see below). Do not send mail or greeting cards with glitter, glue, tape, 3D elements, or electronic components (lights, music, animation). Do not send any items containing, depicting, or relating to sexually explicit activity, illegal activity, violence, drug, or alcohol use, etc. Do not send illegal substances or any other items considered to be contraband. Do not send magazines, books, or packages to the processing center. (See below.) Do not mail originals of important documents such as birth certificates, driver’s licenses, Social Security cards, Green Cards, etc., as they will not be returned. Do not send original photos or other irreplaceable or valuable items, as they will not be returned. Mail meeting these requirements will be scanned within 24 hours of receipt and the physical mail will be destroyed. Scanned mail will be reviewed by facility staff in a timely manner. Facility mail policies: What can I mail to an inmate? They may receive five (5) photos (no larger than 5" by 7") per mailing. They may receive pages from the internet as long as it isn't an excessive amount or indecent. They may not receive mail that is unsanitary (with lipstick, etc.) on it, newspaper clippings, pages torn from books or magazines, no drawings larger than 8” by 11,” no stickers on the envelopes (other than an address label), no bookmarks, no calendars, no glued or taped items, or solicitations of any kind. You may purchase a newspaper or magazine subscription for the inmate, but you cannot leave newspapers or magazines for them or mail them yourself. No magazine subscriptions will be accepted if it is deemed to be a security risk. Can an inmate receive mail and correspondence? Inmates may receive newspapers and magazines (which are not considered a breach in security) and any other lawfully permitted publication which may be delivered through the U.S. Postal Service. Newspapers and magazines should be sent directly from the publisher and mailed directly to the facility (Hight Point or Greensboro) rather than the mail processing center. Inmates may receive up to five (5) paperback books (no hardcover books) which are shipped directly from the publisher, internet distributor or book club, as long as they are not considered a breach of security. Books should be shipped directly to the facility (High Point or Greensboro) rather than the mail processing center. Books that are ordered and shipped directly from bookstores will not be accepted. Materials, which are considered breaches of security, will not be allowed into any detention facility. Examples of security breaches would be items that encourage criminal activities, depict activities that could lead to physical violence or disruption, contain explicit sexual content/nudity, methods of escapes, or weapons. Items that are not allowed will be returned to the sender. Only mail that comes through the U.S. Post Office or legitimate postal service will be accepted. Mail will not be accepted by or released from the receptionist lobby area. No newspaper clippings and/or posters will be accepted. All scanned mail containing any materials considered breaches of security will be turned over to the proper authorities for investigation. Any threats of criminal activity will not be permitted in any correspondence and may result in criminal charges. Approved scanned mail will be saved and can be accessed by the inmate via the inmate tablets. Cash, checks, money orders: The public can deposit paper currency, cashier checks, or money orders into an inmate's account at the reception area of both the Greensboro and High Point facilities. Cash and credit/debit card deposits for inmates in High Point is accepted Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. except during holidays. In Greensboro, cash and credit/debit card deposits can be performed any day, at any time. Money orders, certified or cashier checks can also be mailed directly to the facility (Greensboro or High Point). Scanned mail after release: After release an inmate can request digital copies of his or her scanned mail. Submit the request to ygeorge@guilfordcountync.gov for inmates at the High Point Facility, and kclark0@guilfordcountync.gov for inmates in the Greensboro facility. Request must include the following: Inmate’s Full Name Facility Name (Greensboro or High Point) Inmate ID Number (No commissary PIN) Email Address Once the information is verified, an email with a link to download the postal scans will be sent to the email address provided. The fastest way to communicate with an inmate is by phone or messaging. The inmate communications provider is Pay Tel Communications. To set up an account with Pay Tel, visit www.paytel.com or call 1-800-PAYTELL. On This Page Jump Links Off Hosted on Digital Commons