Eastland County, Texas Skip Navigation Eastland County Texas HOME CONTACT US TRANSLATE GO Quicklinks Additional Links Schedule of Fees Jail Information Employment Information Everything you want to know about the Sheriff's Office or Jail (and the people in it) is available in our mobile app! Scan the QR Code or search for Eastland County Sheriff TX on your mobile device. Jason Weger Sheriff Jon Simcik Chief Deputy 201 W. White, Eastland, Texas 76448 Phone: (254) 629-1774 Fax: (254) 629-2500 Public Information Request Form Bail Bond Application Packet The office of Sheriff is arguably the oldest law enforcement position in existence today. The Sheriff is the chief law enforcement officer of the county. The Sheriff's Department is responsible for: Enforcement of all state laws and county ordinances in the unincorporated portions of the county. Providing for courthouse security. Service of process. Conducting sales of seized properties. Maintenance and operation of the county jail. The Texas VINE system is a service through which victims of crime can use the telephone or Internet to search for information regarding the custody status of their offender and to register to receive telephone and e-mail notification when the offender's custody status changes. The VINE toll-free number for the Texas VINE system is 1-877-894-8463. You can also access this information by utilizing the following link: https://www.vinelink.com/vinelink/siteInfoAction.do?siteld=44900 . This service is provided to assist Victims of Crime who have a right to know about their offender's custody status. Inmate Visitation Mondays: 1pm - 5pm Tuesdays: 8am - 10am, and 2pm - 4pm Thursdays: 1pm - 7pm Inmates get two 20 minute visits per week. If you are currently on probation, have been in jail in the past 60 days, or have EVER been convicted of a felony, you may not visit an inmate. You must have valid, State issued identification to visit an inmate. Provided by the Texas Association of Counties Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials Copyright © {{YEAR}} {{COUNTY}} {{STATE}} powered by ezTask Titanium TM