IDOC: Indiana State Prison IN.gov An official website of the Indiana State Government Language Translation Governor Mike Braun Indiana Department of Correction Find Inmate's DOC Number Start voice input Frequent Searches > Submit text search MENU Close Menu Indiana State Prison IDOC Facilities Adult Correctional Facilities Current: Indiana State Prison Search DOC Number Adult Facilities Juvenile Facilities Re-Entry Services Parole Districts Communication & Support Hub New Visitor Registration Process Step 1: Register for ViaPath All Visitors must register for a ViaPath Account and be approved before scheduling in-person and online visits. Register Now Step 2: Supplemental Documentation Failure to submit this additional documentation could cause a delay in your application or may cause your application to be rejected. Search Visitation Coordinators Step 3: Schedule Visit Already registered? Remember all visitation requests observe Eastern time. Available dates and times will be listed for that incarcerated individuals facility. Schedule Visit Visitation Guidelines Community Advisory Board Program Information Indiana State Prison Visitation Attorney Visits Attorneys visits will not be considered as part of the offender's regular visitation schedule and these visitors need not be on the visitation list. All attorney visits are schedule by the Facility Litigation Liaison. Availability of space, security and safety of the facility determines if a special area may be set aside for attorney-client visits. If space is available, arrangements also may be made to allow clergy or approved spiritual advisors to have a separate space, outside of the regular visiting room/area, to meet with the incarcerated individual. In both cases, such space shall be observable by staff; however, staff shall not listen to the conversations. Search Facility Litigation Liaisons Visiting Guidelines All visitors must be on the offender's approved visitors list. Visitors may only visit the same offender once every 14 days. IDOC Visitation Policy ISP Visitation Guidelines Community Advisory Board Community Advisory Board meet twice per year (every six months) but may meet more often as appropriate. Purpose To open avenues of communication between the facility and the communities near its operation; To assemble an eclectic group of community stakeholders to observe the operations of the facility from time to time, and to advise facility administrative staff on quality of life issues, and provide diverse perspectives on the effectiveness of facility operations and programs; To assist with the recruitment of a diverse and professional workforce; To promote the hiring of former incarcerated individuals; To help identify available community resources that could enhance the facility’s operation; and, To assist with promoting community awareness and understanding of correctional issues, and facility and Department initiatives. Programs For more information about the variety of programs the IDOC offers, please visit the Programs page. Note: Programs vary from facility to facility and are subject to change. Not all incarcerated individuals qualify or are appropriate for every program, individuals should work with their assigned case manager to see which programs they are eligible for. Thinking for a Change PLUS Substance Abuse PINS (Parenting Inside/Outside Dads) Indiana Correctional Industries (ICI) Organic Gardening Aramark's IN2WORK MPOP/SPOP Culinary Arts USDOL Apprenticeship Barber Fire fighter Landscape Gardener Offset-Press Operator Landscape Management Technician Teacher Aide Housekeeper About Indiana State Prison The first Indiana State Prison was built in Jeffersonville, Indiana in 1822. In 1858 the state was looking for a second location to build another prison and purchased land in Michigan City. Both prisons in Michigan City and Jeffersonville were named the Indiana State Prison, one designated Prison North and the other Prison South. In 1922, Prison South was destroyed by a fire, and the Michigan City location became the oldest facility in the system. The Prison’s first perimeter wall enclosed 8.3 acres. Through the years, as additional room was needed, the facility was enlarged to 24 acres. There are ten towers on the walls, and they are manned all day, every day. The facility has a capacity of more than 2,400 incarcerated individuals. Indiana State Prison staff take pride in keeping the buildings and grounds clean and presentable. The prison is designated a level four maximum security facility, which houses incarcerated individuals with long sentences and/or individuals convicted of violent crimes. Also located on the prison grounds is a level two facility, formerly known as Lakeside Correctional Facility, with a capacity for 385 incarcerated individuals. Also located on the prison grounds is a level two facility, formerly known as Lakeside Correctional Facility. It has a capacity for 385 Incarcerated Individuals and the prison uses their Incarcerated Individuals to maintain the grounds, building maintenance, and food preparation for the Staff Dining Room. A History of ISP Indiana State Prison Fact Sheet Connect with us on Facebook for current updates and information. Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ I'm Interested in Volunteering Volunteers play a vital role helping the incarcerated population make a successful transition back into society. Learn More I'm Interested in a Career in Corrections Looking for an exciting new career path? Let us help you find one with the Indiana Department of Correction. Learn More Indiana State Prison Address Facility Location Indiana State Prison 1 Park Row Michigan City, IN 46360 Phone | (219) 874-7256 Send Mail to an Incarcerated Individual Offender Full Legal Name, DOC # Indiana State Prison PO Box 460 Pheonix, MD 21131 Attorney-client privileged mail, or packages and parcels, should continue to go directly to the facility. Reminder – After July 31, 2026, any personal mail sent to the wrong location will be returned to sender. Review Mail Restrictions I Want To Locate an Incarcerated Individual Visit an Incarcerated Individual Send Money to an Incarcerated Individual Send Enhanced Commissary to an Incarcerated Individual Contact an Incarcerated Individual Obtain Records of an Incarcerated Individual Register for Victim Notification. Find a career with the Indiana Department of Correction Online Services View ICI's Product Catalog Shop ICI's Torch & Stars Apparel Store Law Enforcement Notification System Indiana SAVIN Sex and Violent Incarcerated Individual Registry More IN.gov Online Services IN.gov Subscriber Center Top FAQs Indiana Department of Correction Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Email Report Accessibility Issues Screen Reader - Speak