Division – Jail | Page County Sheriff's Office Mobile Menu Complete Site Menu for Mobile Devices. Anything highlighted in blue is a link you can tap. HOME About Us Mission Statement Meet the Sheriff Meet the Chief Deputy Performance — Accreditation — Grant Information — Agency Statistics History PCSO Foundation Divisions Administration Page County Jail — Overview — Work Detail & Release — Home Electronic Monitoring — Medical Information — Delayed Reporting anf Visitation Patrol Civil Process Criminal — Overview — Narcotics Animal Control Canine Community Services Resource Guide Files of Life/Gun Locks Identity Theft Protection Inhalant Abuse Info Property Checks & Security Assessments School Resource Officer TRIAD Programs Summer Camp Strength in Peers PACA Choices Cell Phones for Seniors Project Lifesaver Neighborhood Watch Emergency Operations Emergency Operations Submit a Form Submit a Form In Recognition Memorial Page K9 Memorial Page Forensic Acadamy Graduates Events Current Events PAGE COUNTY JAIL Captain Randall Williams 540-843-3339 rwilliams@pagesheriff.com Lt. Dominika Seal 540-843-3384 dmseal@pagesheriff.com Lt. Michael St. Clair 540-843-3384 mstclair@pagesheriff.com The Page County Jail was built in 1969 to house 26 inmates; the average daily population for 2019 was 71. When Sheriff Cubbage took Office in 2016 the Page County Jail housed male inmates only, females were housed overnight only and transferred to Middle River Regional Jail as soon as practical. Due to the increase in female inmates the Page County Jail started housing females in February 2019. The Page County Jail is not certified to house juveniles; they are transported to a juvenile facility to be housed there. Under the current administration the Page County Jail has re-obtained certification from the Virginia Department of Corrections. This designation assures our citizens that the Page County Jail is in 100% compliance with the Virginia Department of Corrections Standards Compliance for Jails. The Page County Jail has numerous programs aimed at helping inmates develop life skills while incarcerated, which helps prevent recidivism upon release. The jail offers the following services and programs: GED/Educational Program Counseling/Peer to Peer Support Recreation Program Library Ministerial and Bible Studies Work Release/Work Detail Programs Jail Trustee Program Inmate Work Detail Program Alcoholics Anonymous/Anger Management Home Electronics Incarceration