Jail June 26, 2026 Davison County, South Dakota Home Info A Brief History of Davison County NOTICES Committees Davison County Facts Directory of Services Employment Opportunities Staff Email Township Board Members Davison-Hanson County Ambulance District Board Departments Davison County Auditor Community Health Nurse Emergency Management Department of Equalization Extension Office Fairgrounds Complex Fairground Rates Fairgrounds Rental Policies Fairgrounds Scheduling Procedures Highway Department Human Resources Maintenance Department Planning and Zoning Register of Deeds Forms Filing Liens Personally Identifiable Information Register of Deeds’ Fees Register of Deeds Checklist Sheriff’s Office Civil Process & Eviction Jail Pistol Permits State’s Attorney Treasurer Veteran’s Office Weed Department Welfare Office Commission District 1 District 2 District 3 District 4 District 5 Minutes Planning and Zoning Agenda and Minutes Davison-Hanson County Ambulance District Agenda and Minutes Drainage Agenda and Minutes Commission Agenda and Minutes Archived Commission Minutes How Do I… Employment Quick Links You are here: Home / Departments / Sheriff’s Office / Jail Jail DAVISON COUNTY PUBLIC SAFETY CENTER 1015 S. MILLER AVENUE MITCHELL, SD 57301 Jail Grant Lanning Email: [email protected] Phone: (605) 995-8639 Fax: (605) 995-8652 Mailing Address: 1015 S. MILLER AVENUE MITCHELL, SD 57301 Mitchell, SD 57301 Administrator: Grant Lanning, Corrections/Jail Administrator Office: (605) 995-8639 Office Location: Davison County Public Safety Center Email: [email protected] Fax: (605) 995-8652 INMATE ACCOUNTS You have the ability to deposit money into an inmate’s account on-line or pay bond, by clicking on http://jailatm.com VISITATION The jail encourages inmates to maintain contact with family and friends through regular visits. Visits will be allowed in accordance with the jail rules and regulations. Photo Identification Required from all visitors. All visits may be 30 minutes in length. Inmates may receive one visit per day during the scheduled visiting hours, depending on time available. No more then two visitors in the booth at one time. Visits may be shortened to allow the most visits possible. Not ending visit when time is up will result in loss of visitation privilege. All special visits will be arranged with the supervisory staff and will be in writing. Small children must be accompanied by an adult and behave at all times. No visitors under the age of 18 years unless a member of the inmate’s immediate family. All visitors under the age of 16 must be accompanied by a parent or guardian. Obscene or disorderly behavior will not be allowed. Visitors who have been drinking or appear under the influence of drugs may not visit. NO PROPERTY IN VISITATION. No food or drink allowed in the visitation room. Only allowed property may be dropped off at visitation desk. A list of allowed property is available from the visitation officer. No note passing will be allowed. Any “no contact” condition required by state law, bond condition, court order, probation or parole officer and jail staff will be enforced. No visitation will be allowed. A violation of any of these rules may result in the loss of your visitation privilege. After hours visits may be arranged by the Shift Supervisor or the Jail Administrator. These visits will only be allowed if staff workload allows. Your attorney will arrange attorney visits as necessary. VISITATION HOURS: Monday: NONE Tuesday: 7:00 PM to 9:00 PM Wednesday: 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM Thursday: NONE Friday: NONE Saturday: 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM Sunday: 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM INMATE MAIL PROCEDURE All inmate mail must be addressed as follows. Any mail sent directly to the jail will be returned to the sender. Please ensure the mailing address is written exactly as provided to avoid delays or returned correspondence. PIN# Davison County Jail PO BOX 591 Longview, Texas 75606. “WARNING” Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 for processing will NOT be returned or released. Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it will be destroyed. This includes pictures or anything else mailed to the processing facility. By sending the mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 you agree to the items being destroyed and understand that anything you mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 will not be returned or reimbursed for. No legal or medical mail will be accepted. INMATE TELEPHONE PROCEDURE JAIL & 24/7 PROGRA M CONTACT INFORMATION Civil Finance Admin [email protected] Jail Control Room [email protected] Contact Davison County Jail Davison County Sheriff’s Office 1015 S. Miller Avenue Mitchell, SD 57301 Phone: (605) 995-8639 Jun 1 Jul 3 View Calendar Directory of Services Property Information / GIS On-line Payments Taxes Online Job Openings Fairgrounds Complex Rental Helpful Links Avera Queen of Peace Sanford Health City of Mitchell City of Ethan City of Mt. Vernon Mitchell Area Chamber of Commerce Mitchell Area Development Corporation State of South Dakota Local Media KMIT KORN KOOL 98 Mitchell Republic Newspaper Return to top of page Copyright © 2026 on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in