Mail | Taos County, NM Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Services Adult Detention Center Mail Mail This process will change on NOVEMBER 1st, 2023. See below for instructions after November 1st. Traditional Mail Procedures (UNTIL NOVEMBER 1ST) Mail should be addressed as such: [Detainee Name] 105 Albright Street, Suite O Taos, NM 87571 The sender must also print their full name and return address. Mail is not forwarded to the detainee once he/she has been released. Mail for a released detainee is returned to sender or sent to the dead letter department at the United States Postal Service. Restrictions All incoming mail shall be opened and searched for contraband. The Detention Center restricts access to publications allowed in the facility that adversely affects the security and orderly operations. Listed below are the facility rules regarding mail for both outgoing and incoming mail. If it violates any of the following, it will be rejected. Contains greeting or post cards that have glitter, attatchments, electronic devices or that are homemade. They need to be basic store bought cards and may not be altered except for writing a note or signing it. Contains plastic coated cards and/or plastic coated items. No detainee to detainee mail. Contains cash or personal check. (Money Orders Only) Contains postage stamps, envelopes, writing paper, posters and/or stationary items. Contains glue, paste, foreign substances and/or unknown residue on envelope or letter. Does not contain complete name as required (Name used at time of booking). Contains hardcover books, newspapers or books sent by someone other than a book store or publisher. Contains more than six (6) photos or polaroid photos or photos that exceed 5x7 inches. Contains obscene, nude, pornographic photos, pictures or drawings. Contains photos or pictures exposing undergarments. Promotes violation of facility rules. Contains writing in codes, which staff is unable to assess. Encourages or instructs detainees in the commission of gang/criminal activity. Contains newspaper clippings. There is too much writing and drawings on the envelope. There is perfume inside or lipstick on the envelope. Contains police weapons, or hunting books/magazines. Contains words that depict or describe procedures for brewing alcohol or for making drugs. Contains/aides in the construction or use of weapons, ammunition, bombs or incendiary devices. Contains materials that could be used to aid an escape from an institution, including plans, diagrams, and blueprints or institutions. Black/Blue Ink Only Mail without a return address will be rejected and disposed. Detainees will receive a copy of mail rejection notice for rejected mail. Beginning November 1st: In an effort to keep contraband out of the Taos County Detention Center the Taos County Detention Center is implementing a new system for sending documents, photos and mail to inmates. If you wish to send documents, photos and mail to inmates, we now have a quicker and more efficient method using our new Inmate Messaging system where you just go to www.NCIC.com and set up an account. You can then easily send messages to an inmate for instant delivery. You can also take a picture of any documents and attach to these messages. Messages are only $0.25 per messages and Picture Messages / Documents are only $0.35 per picture. This is much cheaper than postage, envelopes and the time it takes to mail a letter and the inmate will receive the message and/or picture instantly. There will be no limits on how many messages and photos that can be sent to the inmates. November 1,2023, all inmate mail, EXCEPT for legal and medical mail , must be mailed to the following address utilizing existing Taos County Detention Center Jail mail rules. All legal and medical mail must be mailed to the Taos County Detention Center: “WARNING” Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 for processing will NOT be returned or released. Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it will be destroyed. This includes pictures or anything else mailed to the processing facility. By sending the mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 you agree to the items being destroyed and understand that anything you mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 will not be returned or reimbursed for. No legal or medical mail will be excepted. Inmate Name Inmate ID# Taos County Detention Center PO BOX 591 Longview, Texas 75606 All envelopes and mail must include the inmate name and Inmate booking number as well as a return address. Only mail that is within 8.5 inches wide x 11 inches tall will be accepted . Mail sent to inmates must contain NO MORE THAN 5 PAGES . Anything that is over 5 pages will NOT be scanned and sent to the inmate and will be returned to the sender. All mail that is scanned into the system will be scanned front side only. Do NOT write on the back of pages. Any mail with writing on the back will be returned to sender. Inmates may receive a maximum of 1 photo per mailing. If more than 1 photo is mailed, the entire letter and all its contents will all be returned to sender and nothing will be scanned in or delivered to the inmate. No legal or medical mail will be accepted. Legal and medical mail must be sent to the facility where the inmate is housed following the Taos County Detention Center Mail Guidelines. No magazines, newspapers, bulk mail or books will be accepted at PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 and will be returned to sender. These items must be sent to the facility where the inmate is housed following the Taos County Detention Center Mail Guidelines. Once the mail is received for processing it will be scanned in at the central processing location and then will be sent to the inmate electronically via the same messaging system referenced above and the inmate can then view it on the kiosk in their cell. There will be no exceptions for receiving mail that does follow the above guidelines. Assessor's Office Sheriff's Office GIS Map Treasurer's Office Taos County 105 Albright Street Taos, NM 87571 Phone: 575-737-6300 Social Media Instagram YouTube Administration Agendas & Minutes Community Services Departments Property Taxes /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Site Map Copyright Notices Accessibility /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow