Department of Corrections : Publications : Contact an Adult in Custody : State of Oregon Skip to main content An official website of the State of Oregon Learn How you know » (how to identify a Oregon.gov website) An official website of the State of Oregon » Translate this site into other Languages Toggle Main Menu Search this site Submit close Publications Site Navigation 📚 What is a Publication 📝 How to Order 🚫 Prohibited Items 💡 Helpful Hints 🎉 Fun Facts Important: Publications sent to an Adult in Custody (AIC) must be shipped directly from the publisher, distributor, or book vendor. Items sent from private parties will be returned. Ordering Publications for Adults in Custody 📚 What is a Publication? A publication is defined as a book or a single issue of a magazine or newspaper, received directly from a publisher, distributor, or book vendor. You may not send a publication you own directly to an AIC. It must be ordered and shipped from the official source. Before ordering, please check the list of rejected publications to ensure compliance. 📦 New Friends & Family Special Buy Program (Beta Test) New Friends & Family Special Buy Program (Beta Test) The Oregon Department of Corrections is launching a Friends & Family Special Buy Program as a beta test at Coffee Creek Correctional Facility (Minimum & Medium) and Powder River Correctional Facility. This program allows friends and family who are on the approved visitor list for an adult in custody (AIC) who is NCI Level 3 and housed in general population at these facilities to purchase select commissary items from a special online catalog for their AIC. Orders can be placed March 27 – April 10 and purchased items will be delivered to AICs in early May. AICs at the test sites will be able to view the special product catalog, but orders must be placed online by friends or family members. Click the links for additional information: Purchase Details & Instructions Package Program Poster If you have additional questions email: dldistributionservicessupport@doc.oregon.gov 📝 How to Order a Publication 📦 Order through a publisher, distributor, or book vendor as you would for yourself. ✍ Use the AIC's name and SID number in the shipping address. 🏢 Find institution addresses here . 📖 You may order individual books, magazines, newspapers, or subscriptions (daily or monthly). 🆕 Books may be new or used, hard- or softbound. 🚫 Prohibited Items ❌ Publications with attachments (CDs, DVDs, 3D glasses, origami paper, etc.) ⚠️ Bindings that create security risks (heavy leather, metal clasps, zippers, pockets, etc.) 📓 Blank notebooks, day planners, address books, or similar supplies 📜 Content must comply with Oregon Administrative Rule (OAR 291-131) ⛔ Packages from private parties are returned-to-sender unopened 💡 Helpful Hints ☎ Each facility has a Mail Processing Center accessible via their main switchboard. You can confirm if a publication is approved. 📦 Storage space for AIC property is limited, especially for flammable materials. ⏱ Processing of publications may take up to four days after arrival, excluding weekends and holidays. 🔎 Have the USPS/UPS tracking number ready if calling about a missing package. 🎉 Fun Facts 📚 In 2024, Mail Processing Centers processed 70,227 books and 80,265 magazines . 📚 In 2025, Mail Processing Centers processed 66,310 books and 70,481 magazines . ❌ In 2024, there were approximately 2,800 book titles on the “rejected” list for OAR non-compliance. ❌ In 2025, there are approximately 1,800 book titles on the “rejected” list for OAR non-compliance. 🆕 About 25,000 new book titles are added to the “approved” list each year. 🚫 View Rejected Publications 🏢 Institution Addresses Back to Top × How to recognize an official Oregon website .gov Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock icon ( ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Only share sensitive information on official, secure websites. Close Hidden Submit Your browser is out-of-date! It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites. Learn how ×