Welcome to Hancock County, WV To enjoy all the features of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Home We're on top of the State! I want to Adopt a pet. Apply for a CCW permit. Apply for a Food Handlers License Apply for a passport. Recycle. Search property records. Search sales records. Estimate property taxes. Apply for a marriage license. Register to vote. Search public records. Pay my taxes online. Departments 911 Animal Shelter Assessor Circuit Clerk Commission County Clerk Dog Warden/Humane Officer Emergency Management Health Department Prosecutors Office Sheriff Solid Waste Authority Tax Office Tourism Links Directory Toggle main menu visibility I want to... view bids & legal postings. view community postings. view agendas & minutes. view open positions. view board appointments. view ordinances. view financial postings. view upcoming events. search property records. estimate property taxes. file property. pay my taxes online. apply for a CCW permit. apply for a food handlers license. apply for a marriage license. search public records. apply for a passport. register to vote. find my polling site. recycle. Departments 911 Animal Shelter Assessor Circuit Clerk Commission County Clerk Dog Warden/Humane Officer Emergency Management Health Department Prosecutors Office Sheriff Solid Waste Authority Tax Office Voters Registration Communities City Of Weirton City Of Chester City Of New Cumberland Tourism Links Search Contact Information P.O. Box 485 102 N. Court St. New Cumberland WV, 26047 (304) 564-3311 (304) 564-4059 Apps Events OUR COUNTY Is the smallest county in the state of West Virginia, and the farthest north, being at the tip of the Northern Panhandle. We were created from Brooke County in 1848, and named for John Hancock, the first signer of the Declaration of Independence. We are made up of the incorporated communities of Chester, New Cumberland and the City of Weirton. As well as the unincorporated communities of Chestnut Hill, Congo, Fairhaven, Kings Creek, Lawrenceville, Lennyville, Moscow, New Manchester, Newell and Sun Valley. Please explore our site, which we hope you will find to be a useful tool in bringing our community closer while promoting the best of our wonderful county. Hancock County Courthouse Edgewater RV Park, Newell, WV Jennings Randolph Bridge Newell Toll Bridge Union Soldier Monument New Cumberland World's Largest teapot Magic Tree Community Garden Magic Tree Community Garden Hancock County Museum George Hines park New Cumberland River Pavilion Laurel Hollow Park Laurel Hollow Park New Cumberland History Marker New Cumberland River Pavilion Brickyard Bend History Marker Steelworkers Memorial Peter Tarr Furnace Brooke Hancock Veterans Memorial Park Brooke Hancock Veterans Memorial Park Brooke Hancock Veterans Memorial Park Brooke Hancock Veterans Memorial Park Brooke Hancock Veterans Memorial Park LATEST NEWS Report a problem | Home | Contact Directory