Home | Multnomah County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Search Search Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office Safe Thriving and A safe and thriving community for everyone Services The Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office (MCSO) is committed to creating safe and thriving communities for everyone. MCSO's impact is immense, providing corrections, civil and public safety services to the most populous county in the state of Oregon. MCSO serves four contract cities: Fairview, Maywood Park, Troutdale and Wood Village, and unincorporated areas, including Sauvie Island and the Columbia River Gorge. The agency is also responsible for keeping more than 100 miles of waterways safe. Learn more about us File a police report Search adults in custody Concealed handgun licensing Crime data dashboard Serving papers Public records request Our Programs HOPE Team Learn more about HOPE Pathways to Employment Learn more about Pathways Search and Rescue Learn more about Search & Rescue Transit Police Learn more about Transit Police Meet Nicole Morrisey O’Donnell Sheriff Nicole Morrisey O’Donnell has been dedicated to public safety service since she began her career with the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office in 1996. Throughout nearly 30 years of service, her commitment to learning every aspect of public safety has propelled her through the ranks of deputy, lieutenant, captain, chief deputy, and undersheriff. She is one of only two Sheriffs to have held dual certification in both police and corrections while serving in office. As Multnomah County’s 41 st Sheriff, Nicole is the first woman to hold the agency’s highest rank. Learn more about Nicole Morrisey O’Donnell What you need to know News and Media Skip to press releases Recent News Releases Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office Search and Rescue Safely Locates 14-Year-Old Boy in Corbett Deputies with the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office and the Multnomah County Search and Rescue (MCSOSAR) Team rescued a young teenager who had become trapped in a heavily wooded area in Corbett. Published: June 24, 2026 Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office Urges Water Safety Ahead of Expected Warm Weather With temperatures in the Portland area expected to reach 90 degrees again this week, the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office is reminding community members to prioritize safety while enjoying local rivers and lakes. Published: June 22, 2026 Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office Patrol SUV Hit in Secondary Crash During Emergency Response on I-84 Oregon State Police are investigating after a driver may have become unresponsive and crashed into a parked Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office patrol vehicle that was blocking traffic to protect the scene of an earlier crash on westbound Interstate 84 near Rooster Rock State Park. Published: June 20, 2026 Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office, Partners Highlight 2025 Academic Year Achievements at County Jails The Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office, in partnership with the Multnomah Education Service District (MESD), is proud to recognize a year of significant achievements for adults in custody. Published: June 18, 2026 Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office Releases 2025 TriMet Transit Police Annual Report Today, the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office is releasing the 2025 Annual Report for TriMet’s Transit Police. The report highlights the collaborative work of local law enforcement agencies, TriMet staff, and community partners. Published: June 16, 2026 View more news releases Work With Us We are currently hiring Corrections Deputies. Are you ready for a new career? Join our team at the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office. Learn more about working with us