Inmate Mail | Island County, WA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments & Offices Corrections Inmate Mail Inmate Mail To maintain community and family ties, and access to the courts, attorneys and the media, the Island County Jail provides mail services for inmates. Mail services are restricted only when necessary to maintain security and order. Incoming or outgoing mail shall be held no more than one business day unless the inmate is temporarily out of the facility. INCOMING MAIL Letters/correspondence addressed to inmates must bear a name and return address or the mail will not be delivered to the inmate. Mail will be opened by jail staff and inspected for contraband. Legal mail from/to attorneys, the courts, or elected federal, state, county, tribal or city officials shall not be withheld and shall be inspected in the presence of the inmate. Mail may be read only if there is clear and convincing evidence that the correspondence poses a threat to the safety of the facility, public officials, or the general public, or is being used in the furtherance of illegal activities. The reading of an inmate's mail will be documented in the inmate's mail log. If a piece of correspondence is determined to pose a threat, the staff may withhold delivery to the inmate. The rejected letter shall be placed in the inmate's personal property to be given to him/her upon release. When an inmate is prohibited from receiving a letter, a written notice stating the reason(s) for denial shall be given the inmate. The staff shall open letter and packages to inspect them for contraband. The staff shall remove items not permitted in the facility and place them with the inmate's personal property. The items stored shall be added to the inmate's Property Inventory Form. Books, magazines, and newspapers will be accepted if it comes directly from the Publisher, Book Club, or retailer through the mail. No hard cover books will be allowed in the facility. All items will be inspected for contraband and to determine if they are permitted in the jail. Computer generated (down loaded material) books, magazines, photos, and newspapers will not be accepted. All books, magazines and newspapers entering the block will become jail property. Mail is received at the facility daily, except on Saturday, Sunday, and Holidays. Mail will be delivered to the inmates no later than 9:00PM each day. No personal checks received in the mail will be deposited in the inmate's account. Personal checks received in the mail will be placed in the inmate's property box. Only cash, cashier's check, money orders or government agency checks are accepted for placement in an inmate's account. Government agencies include city, county, state, tribal and federal agencies. Payroll checks, other than listed above, will not be placed in the inmate's account without prior approval of a supervisor. If incoming mail is received for an inmate no longer in custody the officer shall stamp the mail "Return to Sender". Please use the address when sending mail to an inmate: Inmate's Name Island County Jail 1 NE 7th Street Coupeville, WA 98239 Contact Us Maps Notifications Property LOOKUP Whidbey Office 1 NE 7th Street Coupeville, WA 98239 Camano Office 121 N East Camano Drive Camano Island, WA 98282 Mailing Address 1 NE 7th Street Coupeville, WA 98239 Main Line: 360-678-5111 Sheriff: 360-679-7310 Juror Recordings Superior Court: 800-254-2755 District Court: 800-946-9765 Island County Directory Home Site Map Subscribe to Email Updates Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow