Sheriffs Office | Colleton County, SC Skip to main content Colleton County, SC Search Search Sheriffs Office COLLETON COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE 394 MABLE T. WILLIS BLVD. WALTERBORO, SC 29488 MAIN PHONE: 843-549-2211 FAX: 843-538-4384 EMERGENCY: DIAL 911 ​ SUBMIT A TIP CAMERA REGISTRATION Our Mission It is the Colleton County Sheriff's Office mission to safeguard the lives and property of the people we serve, to reduce the incidence and fear of crime and to enhance public safety while working with diverse communities to improve their quality of life. our mandate is to do so with honor and integrity, while at all times conducting ourselves with the highest ethical standards to maintain public confidence. The Colleton County Sheriff's Office holds values that are intended to guide and inspire us in all we say and do. Ensuring that our values become part of our everyday work life is our mandate, ensuring that our personal and professional behavior can be a model for all to follow. The Colleton County Sheriff's Office will work in partnership with our communities and do our best, within the law, to solve community problems that effect public safety. We value the great diversity of people in both our residential and business communities and serve all with equal dedication. Given the honor and privilege of enforcing the law, we will always exercise integrity in the use of power and authority that have been given to us by the people, our personal and professional behavior should be a model for all to follow. We are committed to conducting ourselves in a manner that brings honor to the Sheriff's Office and our profession. We believe that every member of the Colleton County Sheriff's Office is a leader and it is essential that our values become part of our everyday work life. Committed to nurturing the public trust by holding ourselves accountable to the highest standards of professional conduct and ethics. We are also committed to respecting individual rights, human dignity, the value of all members in the community and the agency. We show concern and empathy for the victims of crime and treat violators of the law with fairness and dignity. By demonstrating respect for others, we will earn respect for the Colleton County Sheriff's Office and our profession. We are dedicated to achieving a level of performance that exceeds all expectations. We value innovation, support creativity and dedicate ourselves to proactively seek new and better ways to combat crime. Functions & Responsibilities We are committed to providing the highest quality and standard of professional law enforcement service to our community. We have a wide variety of programs to aid and assist in your needs. My office is dedicated to a deep and abiding interest in the welfare and quality of life of our citizens. Guerry Hill Sheriff of Colleton County FOR AN EMERGENCY DIAL 911 Sheriff's Office.........(843) 549-2211 Detention Center.......(843) 549-5742 Warrants/Civil Process.......(843) 549-1964 Records.......(843) 549-1203 Anonymous Tip Lines Drug and Gang Tip Hot Line.......(843) 549-6530 Domestic Violence Hot Line .......(843) 782-3208 FAQs How can I apply for a position within the Colleton County Sheriff’s Office? The South Carolina Job Service located on Mable T. Willis Blvd., Walterboro, SC is the starting point for job applications. Inform them that you are applying for a position with the Colleton County Sheriff’s Office and they will guide you through the process. What kind of assistance is available to me as a victim of a violent crime? The Sheriff’s Office has a Victim/Witness Advocate and it is their responsibility to assist victims of violent crimes. Whether it is advice or guidance during the investigation of the case or to keep victims informed of case progress, court appearances and procedures, defendants jail status, etc, the Victim’s Advocate will assist victims and witnesses. The Victim’s Advocate also assists victims of domestic violence with Orders of Protection if necessary. Call our Victim’s Advocate at (843) 549-2211 ext. 2055 for a full description of services available through the Victim’s Advocate’s Office. How do I report a crime and where can I pick up a report? If the crime you are reporting is in progress or an emergency, dial 911, otherwise, call (843) 549-2211. Deputies are available 24/7 to assist with crime reporting. You may speak with them over the phone or in person, at the incident location or at the Sheriff's Office: 394 Mable T Willis Blvd. Walterboro, SC. 29488. If you prefer to remain anonymous when reporting Narcotic Activity, Gang Activity or Domestic Violence please call one of the following: Drug and Gang Tip Hot Line (843) 549-6530 - Domestic Violence Hot Line (843) 782-3208 - Crime Stoppers of the LowCountry at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) Case Reports that were filed over the past 14 days can be inspected in-person at the Sheriff's Office from 8:30am to 4:30pm Monday through Friday (excluding holidays). For Case Reports filed more than 14 days ago, please visit the FOIA tab on the left. If you are involved in an incident and are named in the report, you may request a copy of the report in-person during normal business hours or by contacting the Records Unit by phone (843)549-1203 or email ccso-records@colletoncounty.org . Where is Traffic Court held? The Colleton County Magistrates conduct a centralized court for Traffic and Magistrate Court cases and is located in the Padgett Building at 40 Klein Street, Walterboro, SC 29488. Their phone number is (843) 549-1122. What are the visiting hours at the Colleton County Detention Center? The visitation schedule for the jail is based on the inmate’s status and the first letter of the inmate’s last name and is as follows: All inmates get a total of one hour regardless of the number of visitors. Visitation is on FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY ONLY Trustee’s visitation is Friday from 9:00 am until 10:00 am Maximum Security Inmate’s are Friday from 10:00 am until 11:00 am Regular Inmates visitation is as follows: if the inmate's last name starts with the letter A thru G then visitation is Friday from 12:00 pm until 4:00 p.m. ; if the inmate's last name starts with the letter H thru O then the visitation is Saturday from 12:00 p.m until 4:00 p.m.; if the inmate's last name starts with the letter P thru Z then visitation is Sunday from 12:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m. Do I need a permit to transport or sell nonferrous metals in Colleton County? Yes. A state law was passed last year requiring persons transporting or selling nonferrous metals to obtain a permit from their local Sheriff’s Office. There are some exceptions and conditions and there is no cost for the permit. They can be obtained during regular business hours (M-F/8am-4pm, except holidays) at the Sheriff’s Office located on S. Miller Street in Walterboro. To find out what exceptions apply to you, if any, contact us by phone or come by the Sheriff’s Office. The following is required to obtain the permit. A completed application for a Permit to Sell/Transport nonferrous metals (available at the Sheriff’s Office or located in the “Forms and Documents” section on this page) A copy of your valid South Carolina Driver’s license A copy of your vehicle registration card (vehicle being used to transport metals) Can't find the answer your looking for? Ask a Question Links & Documents DOCUMENTS Application to Transport Non-Ferrous Metals LINKS Crime Stoppers of the Low Country Pay Traffic Fines or Bonds National Sex Offender Registry ​ Background Checks Colleton Crime Statistics Judicial Case Search Staff Guerry L. "Buddy" Hill, Sheriff sheriff@colletoncounty.org Office 843-549-2211 Gean Johnson, Deputy Chief gjohnson@colletoncounty.org Office 843-549-2211 Jason Chapman, Captain, Special Operations Division jchapman@colletoncounty.org Office 843-549-2211 Angela Stallings, Captain, Administrative Services Division astallings@colletoncounty.org Office 843-549-2211 Keith Crosby, Captain, Patrol Division kcrosby@colletoncounty.org Office 843-549-2211 Wanda Taylor, Captain, Detention Center Division wtaylor@colletoncounty.org Office 843-549-5742 Fax 843-549-4321 Laura Rutland, Lieutenant, Office of Professional Responsibility lrutland@colletoncounty.org Work (843) 549-2211 Extension 516 MAKING A Difference... Last updated: Friday, June 19, 2026 - 12:24 Guerry L. "Buddy" Hill, Sheriff Sheriff's Office Phone 843-549-2211 Fax 843-538-4384 Emergencies 911 sheriff@colletoncounty.org 394 Mable T. Willis Blvd, P.O. Box 433 Walterboro, SC 29488 Monday - Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm https://www.facebook.com/weareccso https://www.instagram.com/colletonsheriffsoffice/ https://twitter.com/ccsocares https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5ChU7HHLOM&t=129s Administration Departments Animal Services Animal Shelter Adopt a New Friend Animal Response Team Lost or Found Pets Shelter Statistics Surrender A Pet Volunteering and Fostering Lost or Found Pets Mosquito Spray Request Animal Response Team Assessor Data Requests Board of Assessment Appeals Auditor Homestead Exemptions Capital Projects Clerk of Court Passport Information Clerk to Council Commission on Drug and Alcohol Abuse Coroner Council on Aging FYI County Transportation Committee (CTC) Delinquent Tax Tax Sale Detention Center Economic Development Facilities Management Finance Financial Reports Financial Services Fire - Rescue Fire Stations Fire-Rescue Emergency Management Division Announcements Natural Disasters Fleet Maintenance GIS (Mapping) Data Requests Disclaimer Help Parcel Mapping Troubleshoot Problems Human Resources Legislative Delegation Library Magistrate Museum Parks and Recreation ACE Basin Site Map Golf Course Golf Course Overview Course Rules Tournaments and Scrambles Venue Rental Information Splash Pad Adult Sports Open Basketball PickleBall 2021 Bull Classic Doubles Tournament Boat Landings Camps Classes Community Centers Facilities Field Status Fitness Center Tournaments Youth Sports Basketball Clinics Golf Lessons Youth Baseball Youth Basketball Youth Flag Football Youth Soccer Youth Softball Youth Sports Coaches Requirement Youth Volleyball Recreation Commission Planning & Development Building Code Administration Floodplain Management Land Use Planning Public Nuisance Zoning Administration Planning Commission Land Use Zoning Board of Appeals Probate Estate FAQs Marriage License FAQs Mental Health FAQs Protected Persons FAQs How-To Videos Purchasing Register of Deeds Deed Books (Pre 1986) Deed Index (Pre 1986) Mortgage Books (Pre 1986) Mortgage Index (Pre 1986) Current Land Records Roads and Bridges Sheriffs Office Our Sheriff Divisions Careers Social Media Public Safety Cadet Program R U Ok FOIA Current Inmates Online Services Solid Waste and Recycling Landfill Recycling & Convenience Centers Technology Phone User Guide FAQ Privacy Policy for CCG App Treasurer Veterans Affairs Office Voter Registration & Elections Early Voting Recruiting Poll Workers View District Maps Government Boards, Commissions and Committees Accommodations Tax Advisory Board Board of Assessment Appeals Land Use Zoning Board of Appeals Planning Commission Code of Ordinances County Council Agendas & Minutes Live Stream Ordinances Resolutions SC Association of Counties County Government Organization Facilities Outside Agencies Residents Animal and Environmental Control Announcements & Press Releases Calendar Colleton County Library Coronavirus (COVID-19) County Council Education Fair Housing Hurricane Information Job Postings Parks & Recreation Property & Tax Search, View and Pay Property Tax Estimator Report a Concern Business Bids & Proposal Requests Capital Penny Sales Tax Overview Chambers of Commerce Delinquent Tax Sale Job Postings Mapping & GIS Online Payments Permitting Visitors Cities & Towns Things to Do I want to... Apply for a Job Contact Us Make Online Payments Search Property Tax Records View Code of Ordinances View GIS Maps View Land Records More...