| Erie County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Image Community Services Image About Our Office Image Drop Box Locations Image Inmate Information Image ECSO Anonymous Tip411 Application Image Handle With Care Image Warrant Watch Image Jail Management Division Image Join Image Sex Offender Information Image John C. Garcia Sheriff Erie County Sheriff's Office Mission Statement: "To provide quality public safety services to our community by promoting a safe environment through police and citizen interaction, with an emphasis on integrity, fairness, and professionalism." Image Confidential Countywide Narcotics Tipline Please call 716-858-7755 if you have any information regarding drug activity in your neighborhood. This phone number is in operation 24 hours a day. All calls are confidential. Please leave as detailed a message as possible. You may also send a confidential tip online . No identifying information is required. Image New York Sheriff's Victim Hotline (VINE) The New York Sheriff's Victim Hotline (VINE) is a service through which victims of crime can use the telephone or internet to search for information regarding their offender's custody status and register to receive telephone and e-mail Notification when the offender's custody status changes. The VINE toll-free number for New York Sheriff's Victim Hotline is 1-888-VINE-4NY. Click for more detailed information . Image Obtaining an Accident Report Crash Reports are available online at www.crashdocs.org or https://buycrash.com . To obtain an accident report taken by the Erie County Sheriff's Office, in the "I was in an Accident" area type in at least the state where it occurred and the agency taking the report, then click "Find a report." You must enter your name, the date of the accident, and the accident report number to obtain a secure copy of your crash report. If you have any questions, please call (716) 858-3292. Image Offender Watch Offender Watch helps protect our families and communities by allowing you to search for local sex offenders in our area, request email alerts when a sex offender moves into a specific area, and by providing safety tips and information for local citizens. Click on the image above to be connected to Offender Watch. Image Project Lifesaver WNY Project Lifesaver is an electronic tracking system used by specially trained members of the Erie County Sheriff's Office to locate and rescue children and adults in our community that are at a high risk of wandering away from their families and caregivers. For more information visit our partner's website at: Project Lifesaver WNY Image Underage Drinking UNDERAGE DRINKING TIPS PLEASE EMAIL US AT: underagedrinkingtips@erie.gov Concerned adults, teachers, students and friends now have a number to call 24 hours a day, to report planned underage drinking parties; underage drinking parties taking place or other activities that may be harmful to the health, safety and welfare of young people.