Sheriff Connect – Wayne County Michigan THE WAYNE COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE Sheriff Raphael Washington BOND SCAM ALERT The WCSO will NEVER call you demanding Bitcoin, gift cards, or any from of payment to “bond out” a loved one. Scammers are actively trying this right now. Don’t be a victim! NARCOTICS TIP LINE (313) 224-2593 INMATE SEARCH BOND INFORMATION INMATE VISITATION CAREERS JAIL COMMISSARY INMATE TELEPHONES THE WAYNE COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE IS HIRING There is no higher calling than a career in law enforcement. It takes a special person to be a professional Sheriff’s Deputy with the mission of corrections and policing to protect the lives and property of the people of Wayne County. Visit the WCSO Recruitment Page WAYNE COUNTY JAIL DASHBOARD The Jail Dashboard is an interactive tool that provides information from the Wayne County Jail’s management system. It is updated every day and provides summary information about the current inmate population including the demographic makeup of current jail inmates, the types of supervised facilities, how long inmates have stayed, their types of Bookings and Arrest Types, Housing availability, and counts of inmates released from County supervision. Wayne County Sheriff’s Office receives a lot of questions about the jail population. This tool was created in an effort to be transparent with the public about the characteristics of our supervised population and to answer some of the common questions we receive about our inmates. Click Here to View the Wayne County Jail Dashboard The Wayne County Jail Dashboard is powered by generous grant support from the Hudson-Webber Foundation and the Detroit Wayne Integrated Health Network . THE LATEST NEWS FROM THE WCSO Message From Sheriff Raphael Washington The mission statement you see isn’t performative. These are the guiding principles I demand of all those who wear the sheriff’s star badge. Our people know their responsibilities to the 43 communities in Wayne County and strive for the best every day. We’ve seen and heard from many of you because I and the whole team are across the county daily. While running the largest jail and providing security for the largest circuit court is the heart of our mission, our specialty units are highly visible, whether it’s our Road Patrol, Mounted Division, Marine Team, or SRT Unit. Because community outreach and feedback are critical, I’ve established a significantly beefed-up Community Engagement Team. If your community has an event you’d like our involvement or assistance with, please get in touch with us at 313-680-3800 . They are happy to help. We are in the process of a major recruiting push to find the next generation of Wayne County Sheriff’s Deputies. CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE & APPLY . A recruiter will contact you immediately. Finally, we are adjusting to life in the new state-of-the-art Criminal Justice Facility, a significant change from the outdated facilities we had been making do with for decades. It is a new era for all of us, and we are deeply pleased to be here. Mission Statement The responsibility of the Wayne County Sheriff’s Office is to maintain the highest standard of integrity and professional excellence and to protect the lives and property of Wayne County citizens while objectively enforcing local and state laws. It is our duty to serve our community and provide a secure, safe, and humane environment for inmates remanded to our jails. It is our mission to provide our staff and the public fair and equal treatment and protection, and to strengthen the public’s trust through continued transparency and accountability. Meet Sheriff Washington Wayne County Sheriff Raphael Washington’s primary duties are to uphold the constitutional laws of the county. The mandated county duties are the protection of the county parks, courts, and jails. He has nearly four decades of solid law enforcement and management experience. read more WAYNE COUNTY SHERIFF CONNECT Raphael "Ray" Washington Copyright © 2025 Wayne County Sheriff's Office