Paulding County Ohio Sheriff's Office Home Page Skip to content HomePage parachute 2026-01-27T10:45:39-05:00 BSSA PODCASTS ON YOUTUBE BSSA PODCASTS ON SPOTIFY BSSA PODCASTS ON APPLE Thank you for visiting our website! After completing three terms as your Sheriff, I am proud of the advancements my office and divisions have made in striving to better serve our county residents. Press releases sent to the media are posted on our website. In some cases, you may see the press releases here first. Certain requests can be completed through this website. Patrol requests can be made by county residents while out of town and business owners can be added to our patrol list. Citizens feedback can also be submitted through our website. We need to hear from the people we serve! A list of resources has been added for those struggling with mental health and/or substance abuse. The links can be found under General Information, Community Resources. We need to spread the word–there is help for those in a crisis. Several changes pertaining to jail operations have also been made. Under Jail Information, options are available for a current inmate’s commissary, purchase of prepaid phone services and scheduling visitation. These services are all provided by third parties. A list of current inmates can also be found under the same tab. All these features are available using our app by downloading with Google Play or App Store. With the app, notifications can be received in real time—even if other social platforms are not operating. The QR code is below. Other advances in the office include some of the deputies receiving EMR/EMT certifications. This enables medical attention to be provided if they reach the scene first, or assist on EMS runs when short-handed. I am proud our deputies realize the importance of working with other agencies! In 2025, I will be busy fulfilling the duties of President of the Buckeye State Sheriffs’ Association. This elected position, a first for Paulding County, includes leading the association in representing law enforcement officials across the state. These officials include 88 Ohio sheriffs, 3,200 deputies along with 17,000 associate members. I look forward to the challenge with enthusiasm. Communication is Key to Success! Sincerely, Jason K. Landers, Sheriff Email Sheriff Landers Anonymous Tips Please leave this field empty. × Paulding County Sheriff’s Office, all rights reserved. Site design by NDG Page load link Go to Top