Washoe County Sheriff's Office About Us Services Inmate Info News Staying Safe Jobs FAQs Washoe County Sheriff's Office Menu How Can We Help You? Inmate Search CCW Permit Community Survey WCSO Stats Dashboard Sheriff Darin Balaam WCSO Mission Statement Dedicated to preserving a safe and secure community with professionalism, respect, integrity and the highest commitment to equality. WCSO Vision Statement The Washoe County Sheriff's Office strives to ensure public safety by building trust and creating partnerships within the diverse communities in which we serve. We will promote the dignity of all people … Read More I want to… Search for an Inmate Visit an Inmate Learn About Inmate Programs Send an Inmate a Letter or Email Post Bail File an Online Report View Missing Persons Request Case Info/FOIA View Congested Area Map Protect Myself Review Cold Cases Get a CCW Permit Report Graffiti Start a Neighborhood Watch Learn About Forensic Science Serve Documents Report Favorable/Unfavorable Conduct Get Inmate/PREA Information Prevent Financial Scams Request Homeless Outreach Resources Community Engagement & Requesting a Visit Washoe County Sheriff is hiring. Apply Now > Sp otlig ht These are some of the Washoe County Sheriff’s Office topics of note. Sheriff Darin Balaam is pleased to release the 2025 State of the Sheriff’s Office Annual Report. The report provides a detailed overview of the past year's performance. Read more here. The Washoe County Sheriff's Office is dedicated to combating financial fraud. For more information on how to prevent fraud or help others avoid scams, visit our Fraud Awareness Hub at this link. Make a meaningful impact in our community by volunteering with the Washoe County Sheriff’s Office — support deputies, prepare for emergency responses, assist with vital programs, and help create a safer, stronger future for everyone. Click here for more information. Contact Us Washoe County Sheriff's Office Location : 911 Parr Blvd, Reno, NV 89512 Phone : 775-328-3001 Email: sheriffweb@washoecounty.gov