Seneca County Sheriff, New York – A New York State Sheriffs' Association Accredited Agency Skip to content 6150 Route 96, Romulus, New York For Emergencies Dial 9-1-1 Seneca County Law Enforcement Center Sort by Default Title (A - Z) Date (Newest) Date (Oldest) Press Release Driving While Intoxicated Arrest, Town of Ovid The Seneca County Sheriff's Office reports that on June 22nd, 2026, at about 12:50 a.m. Sheriff's Deputies arrested Kelby E. Karlsen, 29, of Romulus NY, in the Town of Ovid. Karlsen was charged with Driving While Intoxicated, Aggravated Driving While Intoxicated, and speed over state limit. The charge stems from ... Read More Press Release Criminal Possession of Controlled substance 7th, Town of Junuis The Seneca County Sheriff’s Office reports that on June 9th, 2026, Deputies arrested Alisha Abbott age 38 of Lyons, NY. Abbott was charged with Criminal Possession of Controlled substance in the 7th Degree, a Class A Misdemeanor.The charges stem from an incident in Town of Junuis. Upon further investigation, Abbott ... Read More Press Release Petit Larceny Arrest, Town of Waterloo The Seneca County Sheriff’s Office reports, on June 19th, 2026, at about 5:29 PM Sheriff’s Deputies arrested Shaniqura Bailey, of Seneca Falls, NY for petit larceny. The arrest stems from an incident in the Town of Waterloo. It is alleged that Bailey stole merchandise from a business on May 25th, ... Read More Press Release Driving While intoxicated, Town of Tyre The Seneca County Sheriff's Office reports that on June 20th, 2026, at about 12:03 a.m. Sheriff's Deputies arrested Heather P. Moore, 34, of Los Angeles CA , in the Town of Tyre. Moore was charged with Driving While Intoxicated (Misdemeanor).The charge stems from an incident that occurred at a business ... Read More Press Release Offering a False Instrument for Filing 1st The Seneca County Sheriff's Office reports that on June 19th, 2026, at about 5:49 p.m. Sheriff's Deputies arrested Shaniqura N. Bailey, 33, of Seneca Falls NY , in the Town of Seneca Falls. Bailey was charged with two counts of Offering a False Instrument for Filing in the First Degree.These ... Read More Press Release Driving While Intoxicated, Town of Waterloo The Seneca County Sheriff’s Office reports on June 12th, 2026, at about 3:16 PM Sheriff’s Deputies arrested Thomas Lagana, of Waterloo NY in the Town of Waterloo for Driving while Intoxicated and failure to yield right of way.The arrest stems from a traffic stop in the Town of Waterloo. After ... Read More 1 2 3 … 261 › Use of Force Policy - Click the above link to view the Seneca County Sheriff's Office updated policy involving the use of Force