Baraga County Sheriff – Baraga County Skip to main content Skip to footer Home > Government > Departments > Baraga County Sheriff Baraga County Sheriff In an emergency , dial 911 As a peace officer: The Sheriff is charged with enforcing the laws enacted by the legislature and is the primary officer responsible for the providing patrol and traffic services on the county primary and secondary roads. The Sheriff is an Officer of the Court with responsibility for execution of orders, judgments, and civil process as well as maintenance of security for the court. The Sheriff is responsible for the establishment, maintenance and operation of the County Jail and ancillary services. As an elected official: The Sheriff is directly responsible to the citizens of the county for the provisions of effective and acceptable law enforcement services, as well as the safe and effective operation of the jail. In the delivery of these services, the Sheriff works in cooperation with the County Board of Commissioners and other elected and county department heads to provide these services in the most efficient, cost effective manner. IN AN EMERGENCY, DIAL 911 OR YOUR LOCAL EMERGENCY NUMBER IMMEDIATELY. An emergency is any situation that requires immediate assistance from the police, fire department or ambulance. Examples include: • A fire • A crime, especially if in progress • A car crash, especially if someone is injured • A medical emergency, especially symptoms that require immediate medical attention IMPORTANT : If you’re not sure whether the situation is a true emergency, officials recommend calling 911 and letting the call-taker determine whether you need emergency help. Sheriff Joe Brogan Undersheriff David Miller Deputies Mike Griffin Caleb Scroggs Jamas Gustafson William Jondreau, Jr. Durwyn Chaudier Correction Officers John Gransell Bruce Tangen James Wishart Austin Santti Austin Smith Nate Stockton Ed Clements Kenny Majeski Jail Administrator Jonathan Boever Homeland Security Director 911 Director OFFICE 940 US Highway 41 L’Anse, MI 49946 (906) 524-6100, Ext. 695 (906) 524-5577 – Fax HOURS OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK (INCLUDING HOLIDAYS) FIREARMS DISPOSITION Per M.C.L. section 28.434a Firearms Disposition Inventory APPROVED BAIL BONDSMAN 2025 Bail Bondsman List 2023 Bail Bondsmen Sign In Username or Email Password Sign In Forgot password? Register Email Password Register Already have an account? Sign In Reset Password Please enter your username or email address, you will receive a link to create a new password via email. Username or Email Send Email