Estill County Kentucky Skip to content On behalf of the Estill County Fiscal Court and our wonderful Estill County citizens, I would like to welcome you to the Official Estill County Website. We hope you find this website to be informational, enlightening, and entertaining. Whether you are a citizen of Estill County looking for information on how to contact your various elected officials; a visitor wanting to learn more about our beautiful county, or a business owner considering locating to Estill County and into our industrial park anchored by Carhartt Manufacturing we welcome You! If you are looking for that property to expand or start a new business, invest or retire and build your dream home it is our sincere desire that you find our Estill County site helpful. We are proud of our county and its citizens. Our historic courthouse, built with stones from the county and by the labor of our citizens many years ago, is the center point of our community and sits in the Courthouse Square in Irvine, Kentucky. Our County is blessed to be nestled in between beautiful mountains and forty miles of the Kentucky River winding its way through the heart of our county. We are proud to have some of the most pleasing and breathtaking roadways for that weekend ride in a car, on a motorcycle, or on a bicycle. We also have a variety of country craft stores spread all over our county offering handmade items and some of the best country lodgings with our local bed and breakfast homes as well as camping. For the history buff, Estill County is home to numerous historic sites, such as our Courthouse, Estill Springs, Cottage Furnace, and the Fitchburg Furnace which was named one of Dr. Thomas Clark’s “Kentucky Treasures”. Again, we would like to welcome you to the official Estill County website. We hope to see you soon whether you are just passing through, visiting one of our local businesses, or enjoying one of our many historical sites. Donnie Watson Estill County Judge Executive Estill County Magistrates District 1 Mike Abney (859)582-1817 District 2 Paul Tipton (606) 975-1543 District 3 Gerry Flannery (606) 643-5219 Regular Fiscal Court Meetings: Third Monday of each month, 5:00 p.m. Proudly powered by WordPress