EC Sheriff's Office Skip to main content English Select your language. English Español Additional Languages Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Khmer Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Nepali Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Somali Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Search Search Services Forms All of Eagle County Services Forms All of Eagle County Detention Facility ADA Related Pages Credit Card Bonding Find an Inmate FAQs Professional Visit Request Volunteer Opportunities DETENTIONS/JAIL The Detention Facility is the central holding location for all law enforcement agencies in Eagle County, including local police departments. The facility houses inmates and pre-trial detainees who have been committed to the custody of the sheriff. The staff of the facility is responsible for all booking and classification of inmates, security, medical services and transportation. The facility is designed to accommodate: minimum, medium and maximum security housing units, room for male and female inmates in separate areas, a direct supervision dormitory-style housing unit. BONDING INFORMATION How do I bond an inmate? PAY BOND online . Please call the jail information line at 970-328-8564 to find out the type of bond required for the inmate in question. A bond is set according to a court-approved schedule. The purpose of the bond is to assure an inmate’s appearance in court. The amount of the bond is what it will take to release the inmate from jail. Find out more about the different types of bonds , including adding funds to an inmate's account and other FAQ’s. Find out more about the legal rights related to posting bond here , and Eagle County Sheriff's Office bonding policy. Lodge a bond complaint . PLEASE NOTE: If you post bond for a person in jail and want your money back after the court case is over, you will need to call the Eagle County Jail( 970-328-8564 ) and let them know you want your name to be listed as a surety on the bond paperwork. WEEKEND BOND HEARINGS & COURT DOCKETS During the weekend, Eagle County bond hearings are scheduled for 8:45AM. To watch the bond hearings, please go to live.coloradojudicial.gov and click on the Bond Hearing Office 1 live stream. Weekday court docket lists can also be found at live.coloradojudicial.gov . JAIL PROGRAMS & OPPORTUNITIES Community partnerships with jail programs are important to us and we desire to develop long-term relationships for the benefit of the detainees. The selection process for volunteer positions involves an application, background investigation, and orientation. Jail programs consist of: Volunteer programs: Ministry, AA, and yoga. CMC Connect: a partnership between the jail and Colorado Mountain College to offer different educational topics through the year. General Equivalency Diploma (GED) testing. Additional Behavioral Health programming and support. The objective of these collective activities is to prevent the inmate's return to jail following release and provide expanded opportunities for them upon release. For information on volunteering, visit our volunteer page. EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES Applicants must apply online for each position they wish to be considered. Only those applicants who have successfully completed their applications will be considered for the position. Due to the nature of law enforcement, extensive pre-employment testing, pre-employment background checks and post-offer testing is completed in consideration for any position with the Eagle County Sheriff’s Office. Positions available at the Eagle County Sheriff’s Office. What Qualifications are needed? And what might disqualify you? APPLY! ECDF MISSION, VISION, VALUES Eagle County Detentions; Mission, Vision and Values MISSION : The Eagle County Detention Facility promotes the safety of Eagle County by establishing and maintaining a high professional level of jail standards, utilizing best practices within jail operations, and hiring professional and committed employees. VISION : The Eagle County Detention Facility will be one of the premier jail facilities in the country through the use of cutting edge technology, wise use of financial resources, and high-level management of our inmate population. VALUES : Compassion, Competence, Dedication, Integrity, Pride, and Teamwork DETENTION FAQ's Can I visit an inmate in person? Personal visits are only allowed by video daily: 7:30 a.m. - 11:00 a.m./ 1:30 p.m.-4:30 p.m./7:30 p.m.-11:00 p.m. Visitors must first create an account at www.inmatecanteen.com to process all visits. Each visitation is limited to (1) 20 minute visit in a 48 hour period at no charge. Are off-site visits allowed? Video visits with an inmate are allowed, while you are not on site at the jail. Off-site video visits are not limited in the amount of video visits allowed, but are limited to 20 minutes per-session. Visitors must first create an account at www.inmatecanteen.com to process all visits If you choose to visit off-site, by video, you will be charged a $0.39 per minute fee What items can I bring the inmate when I visit? No gifts, pictures, or other items may be exchanged during visitation. Abuse of visiting privileges, display of mis- conduct or a threat to safety and security will cause a visit to be terminated and you may lose your visitation privilege through disciplinary action. Can I write an inmate? Mail may be sent to an inmate at the Eagle County Jail addressed as follows: Inmate's Full Name PO Box 359 Eagle, CO 81631 All incoming mail is opened and inspected for contraband and incoming funds. Outgoing or incoming mail may be rejected and returned to sender if there is reason to believe that it may contain inappropriate materials. Privileged / Legal mail will be opened and sealed in an Officer's presence. Only mail to/from the inmate's attorney or record will be considered privileged mail. Incoming legal mail should be clearly marked "Legal Mail" on the envelope and the address of the sender must be typed or printed to indicate the source or origin. Incoming legal mail will be inspected in the presence of the inmate to whom it is addressed. Can I call an inmate? Inmates cannot receive incoming telephone calls. Inmates are provided access to telephones to phone citizens and legal counsel. Calls are subject to monitoring or recording, except for privileged communication between attorney and client. Inmates may make collect calls provided the recipient is willing to pay the charges. Inmates may also purchase prepaid phone minutes. When an inmate calls you, you will be given the Telewest Customer Service number(866) 797-5578 over the phone. This is the jail's telephone provider. You will be connected to customer service, and asked to push a specific number to be connected to the inmate calling you. To leave messages for inmates go to www.inmatecanteen.com. Can I send money to an inmate? There are two ways to get money to an inmate in the Eagle County jail. For each of these options you should provide the inmate's full name or date of birth. Online at www.inmatecanteen.com. This is the jail's approved online vendor. Select the Eagle County facility, select the inmate, and then use your credit or debit card to pay or call 1-715-690-2965. Lobby Kiosk: Cash. You may come to the jail at 885 Chambers Ave, in Eagle, and use cash at the kiosk in the lobby to put money on an inmate's account. Can inmates participate in work release? The Eagle County Jail has partnered with Garfield County Criminal Justices Service Department (CJS) to allow for Work Release which much first be granted to individuals by the court. The Work Release facility is located in Rifle, CO. For individuals sentenced and serving their time in the jail, t he Trustee Program allows some inmates to work inside the jail and around the county government campus under supervision of our Deputies. They receive “good time” or time off their sentence(s). Inmates must apply for this program and if approved, can participate while they are in custody. What is the process when the court orders fingerprints to be taken? If the court orders you to get your fingerprints recorded, this can be done at the detention facility. Hours: Monday-Friday 7:00-9:00am & 8:00-10:30pm. Saturday-Sunday 7:00-11:00 am & 8:00-10:30 pm A $30 cash fee must be paid before having your fingerprints taken. This must be exactly $30, as the facility cannot make change. The facility also cannot take a credit card payment. Bring identification and a printed copy of the paperwork from the court. How do I commend a sheriff's office employee for going above and beyond the call of duty? The men and women of the Eagle County Sheriff's Office take great pride in serving and protecting the residents and guests of Eagle County. Every day deputies and civilian employees surpass duty's call and when that happens we'd like to know about it. If you received extraordinary service from a sheriff's office employee, or witnessed something that deserves special recognition, we encourage you to tell us so we may share your thoughts with that employee and with the Eagle County Sheriff's Office family. Your appreciation and encouragement are important to us. Please include all the information you can remember such as the employee's name, the date, time and circumstances of the incident regarding your commendation. Compliments and Complaints will be accepted by completing the following FORM -OR- you can contact dispatch to be connected to an on-duty Patrol Sergeant directly at 970-479-2201. How do I file a compliment or complaint against an employee of the sheriff's office ? The men and women of the Eagle County Sheriff's Office take great pride in serving and protecting the residents and guests of Eagle County. If a member of our professional team is not meeting expectations, complaints and recommendations may be accepted as we would like to hear from you. Please include all the information you can remember such as the employee's name, the date, time, and circumstances of the incident regarding your commendation. Compliments and Complaints will be accepted by completing the following FORM -OR- you can contact dispatch to be connected to an on-duty Patrol Sergeant directly at 970-479-2201, -OR- to speak with a Detentions Sergeant call (970) 328-8500. Share this page Share this page × Copy and paste this code into your website. <a href="http://www.eaglesheriff.com/services/detention_facility/index.php">Your Link Name</a> Share this page on your favorite Social network Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Close Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility ecg tv Close Read More