Sheriff's Office | Comal County, TX Skip to Main Content Burn Ban Info Burn Ban Off Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government County Offices Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office A Message From Sheriff Mark Reynolds We are truly fortunate to live, work, and serve in Comal County. We are blessed with our scenic Texas hill country with its gentle rolling hills, views you can see for miles, a rich German heritage, the Comal and Guadalupe Rivers, and Canyon Lake. Prince Carl of Solms, Germany, founded New Braunfels in 1845. A hidden gem in the heart of Texas. Prince Carl had vision. Just over a year later, on March 24, 1846, Comal County was created after Texas was admitted to the United States as the 28th state. Henry Gerwin appointed himself as the first Sheriff of Comal County in 1846 in the Plaza area downtown, until formal elections could be held in 1848. Sheriff Gerwin had vision. Since that time, 22 gentlemen have served as Sheriff. They had vision. I am honored and privileged to stand on the shoulders of those who came before and follow in their footsteps. The Comal County Sheriff's Office is committed to the ideals of Honor, Integrity, Courage, Strength, Character, and keeping Comal County a safe place to live, work, raise a family, and visit. I am resolute in my vision of our future. Comal County is 234th out of 254 Texas counties as far as size; however, we are 27th out of 254 as far as population and one of the fastest growing. We have been and will remain committed to keeping pace with the growth and providing professional and complete law enforcement services to those we are sworn to protect. When you need us, we stand ready to serve! Sincerely, Mark W Reynolds, Sheriff Comal County Mission Statement The Comal County Sheriff's Office is committed to serving all of our citizens and visitors with professional law enforcement representing honor, integrity, courage, strength, and character as the five points of the Sheriff's Star. We are committed to making Comal County a safe place to live, raise a family, work, and visit. We are committed to this effort through crime prevention initiatives and the protection of life and property. Services, Forms & General Information Services Animal Control Victim Services Sheriff's Office Open Records Request Jail Open Records Request Crime Prevention Send Money - Commissary Funds Off-Duty Security for Weddings and Events (PDF) Controlled Substance Public Disposal Locations CAPTURE Program Crime Prevention Estray Livestock Junior Deputy's Academy National Night Out Neighborhood Watch TxDOT Crash Report Online Purchase System Forms Compliments or Complaints Fees (PDF) Extra Patrol Request Submit Traffic Complaints Vehicle VIN Inspection Appointment Form Sheriff's Office Open Records Request Form Jail Open Records Request Form Protective Order Info & Application Radar Trailer Request Form Peace Officer Involved in Injuries or Death Reports Citizens' Sheriff Academy Application Livestock Owner Information Form Comal County Towing Application Form General Information Case Records Search Frequently Asked Questions Job Opportunities Hiring Information Most Wanted in Comal County Duties of the Sheriff Maps and Directions Neighborhood Crime Watch Training Manual (PDF) Neighborhood Watch Operations Manual (PDF) Drone Compliance Report for 2021 to 2022 (PDF) Training For Citizens Citizens' Sheriff's Academy The Citizens Sheriff's Academy is an 11-week-long training class rated A+ for its content and quality of instruction. Classes start in late February or early March. Citizens' Sheriff's Academy Information & Application CSA Application CSA Establishment Information (PDF) CSA Mission (PDF) CSA Questions and FAQS (PDF) Where is Comal County? Comal County is in south central Texas, conveniently located halfway between Austin and San Antonio. Interstate 35 runs through the eastern portion of Comal County, and U.S. Hwy 281 runs through the western portion of the county. Comal County has approximately 120,000 residents and is one of the fastest-growing counties in the state of Texas. What does the Sheriff's Office do? The Comal County Sheriff's Office provides a full complement of law enforcement services to the citizens and visitors of Comal County. The Sheriff is responsible for running and maintaining the County Jail. The Operations Divisions of the Sheriff's Office provide patrol, investigations, and other law enforcement services like any police department of comparable size. The Sheriff's Office provides these services to all locations within the county, but outside of the city limits of an incorporated city. How can I find current job openings at the Sheriff's Office? Please contact Comal County Human Resources by phone at 830-643-5859 or visit the Human Resources page . What is the starting pay for Deputy Sheriff, Corrections Officer, Communications Officer? Budgeted Starting Pay for 2023: Deputy Sheriff - $62,275.20 Corrections Officer - $51,084.80 Communications Officer - $45,884.80 For additional benefits, such as health insurance, retirement, etc., please visit the Comal County Human Resources page . View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx Contact Us Mark Reynolds Sheriff Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 3005 W San Antonio Street New Braunfels , TX 78130 3005 W San Antonio Street New Braunfels TX 78130 Directions Phone: 830-620-3400 Fax: 830-608-2082 Directory Comal County Jail / Corrections Physical Address View Map 3000 IH 35 S New Braunfels , TX 78130 3000 IH 35 S New Braunfels TX 78130 Directions Phone: 830-620-3450 Fax: 830-627-8681 Emergency Phone: 911 Office Hours 8 am to 5 pm Directory Resources Hiring Information Comal County Most Wanted CAPTURE Program Crisis Hotline Crisis Hotline website Phone: 877-466-0660 Victim Services DPS LESO Public Notice (PDF) Radar Trailer Request Form Extra Patrol Request Financial Crimes Reporting Package (PDF) Paquete de Denuncia de Delitos Financieros (PDF) Crime Prevention Neighborhood Watch Social Media Comments Policy (PDF) Estray Livestock List File SO Police Report Online Social Media Connections Nextdoor Comal Sheriff's Office Facebook Crime Stoppers Facebook Junior Deputy's Academy The Junior Deputy's Academy is an outstanding week-long class for our youth. They learn all about law enforcement and being good citizens. Voter Information Permitting, Maps, & Roads Property Tax & Motor Vehicle Main County Mailbox 150 N. Seguin Avenue New Braunfels, Texas 78130 Phone: 830-221-1100 Fax: 830-608-2026 2026 Adopted Budget Engineer's Office Job Openings Orders & Resolutions Plat Viewer /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow