Sheriff - Washington County Virginia Skip to content Menu Close Search for: Search for: Menu Search for: Sheriff Hon orable Blake Andis P: (276) 676-6000 F: (276) 676-6248 E: sheriff@washso.org NEIGHBORHOOD WATCH SUBMIT ANONYMOUS TIPS SENIOR NAVIGATOR SHERIFF'S OFFICE EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES Precious Metals & Pawn Shop Application Office of the Sheriff Office Location: Public Safety Building 20281 Rustic Lane Abingdon VA, 24210 Office Hours 24/7 Administrative Hours: Monday – Friday 8:30am – 5:00pm Office Contact Numbers: Administration: 276-676-6000 Investigations: 276-676-6021 Civil Process: 276-676-6010 Central Dispatch: 276-676-6000 Washington County area: 276-676-6277 Bristol Line: 276-669-7134 Toll-Free: 1-888-461-0414 About The Washington County Sheriff’s Office is a constitutional office directed by the Sheriff, who is elected at-large for a four-year term. The Washington County Sheriff’s Office is responsible for the enforcement of all laws enacted by state and local governments, and for the investigation of felonies and misdemeanors committed in Washington County. This Office is responsible for the security of the Washington County Courthouse, the judges, court personnel and individuals who visit the courthouse. The Civil Process Division serves all civil and criminal papers on individuals who reside in Washington County. The Communications Section dispatches calls to all police, fire and rescue personnel within Washington County and the Towns of Abingdon, Damascus and Glade Spring. The Division of Animal Control oversees the enforcement of County ordinances and state laws pertaining to the control of domesticated animals and the operation of the C. C. Porter Animal Shelter. The Division of Litter Control handles litter complaints and operates the Assign a Highway Program. Divisions Administrative Patrol Animal Control Communications DARE & SRO Investigations Litter Control Protective Services Special Operations Administrative This division consists of the Sheriff, Chief Deputy, Division Captains and Communications Supervisor. Each member is heavily counted on to assist the Sheriff in his overall decision-making responsibilities. The Office Manager/Criminal Records Manager is an invaluable group of office support staff, including payroll clerk and receptionist, provide administrative support for all divisions of the Sheriff’s Office. The Grants Administrator researches, writes, and maintains the many grants utilized by our Sheriff’s Office. The Fleet Maintenance Supervisor is also assigned to the Administrative Staff and oversees the maintenance of our motor vehicle fleet. The Public Information Officer prepares and distributes media information, as well as coordinates and maintains the Sheriff’s App and the Sheriff’s Office Facebook page. Patrol The Patrol Division consists of Sheriff’s Office personnel that are most often seen by our county’s residents. They are our frontline of defense against crime. The primary goal of the Patrol Division, through patrol and other proactive law enforcement methods, is to develop and maintain a safe and orderly environment for the citizens of Washington County. Patrol Division deputies also conduct Neighborhood Watch meetings in various locations throughout Washington County. Off-duty patrol deputies are paid overtime and assigned to traffic enforcement on interstate, primary, and secondary roads in our county. This traffic enforcement has greatly reduced the number of serious accidents and fatalities that are attributed to speed in Washington County. The Auxiliary Deputy Program is also assigned to the Patrol Division. Animal Control In 2004, the Washington County Virginia Sheriff\’s Office took over operations of the C.C. Porter Animal Shelter and all animal control responsibilities. This section is comprised of the Shelter Supervisor who oversees the overall operations of the shelter, animal adoptions, etc., and three Animal Control personnel who respond to domestic animal complaints and conduct investigations into animal bites and other animal related situations. Animal Control personnel also handle the enforcement of animal control laws. The Division of Animal Control of the Washington County Sheriff\’s Office oversees the enforcement of County ordinances and laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia pertaining to the control of domesticated animals and the operation of the C. C. Porter Animal Shelter. The Division of Animal Control is staffed by Animal Control Officers who are also Deputy Sheriffs within the Washington County Sheriff\’s Office. The shelter supervisor oversees the shelter operations. Please click the links on the left of this page for access to information concerning the Division of Animal Control\’s Adoption Program, Adoption Agreement information, and Animal Control forms. The animal shelter location has been moved from the C.C. Porter location to a new location in 2025. The new animal shelter is now named the Phillip B. McCall Animal Shelter and it’s located at 15050 Lee Hwy, Bristol, VA 24202. FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK Schedule Monday CLOSED Tuesday & Wednesday OPEN 10:00a.m. – 4:00p.m. Thursday OPEN 1:00p.m. – 4:00p.m. Friday OPEN 10:00a.m. – 4:00p.m. Saturday OPEN (1st & 3rd Saturdays Only) Sundays and Designated County Holidays CLOSED Directions The Phillip B. McCall Animal Shelter is located at 15050 Lee Hwy, Bristol, VA 24202. Communications The Communications Division of the Sheriff’s Office provides the vital link between our county citizens and police, fire, and rescue. Our Communications Officers handle all incoming telephone calls including 911 emergency calls. These calls are then dispatched to law enforcement personnel from the Sheriff’s Office, Towns of Abingdon, Glade Spring, and Damascus and county fire and rescue personnel. The Communication Division also provides some communications support for the Virginia State Police and Game and Inland Fisheries. DARE & SRO The Dare and School Resource Officers are in our county schools on a daily basis. The D.A.R.E. officers teach Drug Abuse Resistance Education classes to elementary, middle and high school students in our fifteen county schools. The School Resource Officer program is a cooperative effort between education, law enforcement and the community. The program promotes positive and effective communication between youth, teachers and law enforcement. Most of our School Resource Officers are cross-trained to teach in the D.A.R.E. program. The primary goal of the School Resource Officer is to ensure the safety of our students, faculty and other school personnel. Investigations Detectives play an important role within our Sheriff’s Office. They respond to major crime scenes, investigate serious felony cases and assist the Patrol Division with other investigations. The detectives have specialized training in areas of forensic science, evidence collection, interrogation and interviewing techniques. Our Narcotics Investigative Unit and Domestic Violence Detective are assigned to the (CID) Criminal Investigations Division. Litter Control In July 2005, litter control operations came under the supervision of the Sheriff’s Office. The responsibilities of this section are to identify illegal dump sites in Washington County and charge those individuals responsible for the illegal dump site. The Assign-A-Highway Program which utilizes persons placed on probation for the purpose of picking up trash along our roadways is also a primary responsibility. Sworn law enforcement personnel are assigned to the Litter Control Section. Protective Services One of the most important responsibilities of the Sheriff’s Office is the protection of our judges, court staff, and thousands of citizens who utilize our courthouse each year. This service is provided by our Protective Services Division through our Courthouse Security Unit. The Civil Process Unit serves subpoenas and other civil papers issued by the courts. Public sales of Sheriff’s Office surplus and confiscated property are conducted by the Civil Process Unit. The newly formed Criminal Warrant Service Unit serves hundreds of criminal warrants each year, and relieves some of the workload on the Patrol Division through their warrant service. Special Operations This division is comprised of the Sheriff’s Emergency Response Team (SERT), Project Lifesaver, Bike Patrol, K-9 Units and Honor Guard. Men and women from within the Sheriff’s Office support the Special Operations Division. This Division requires a tremendous amount of dedication, as intensive and strenuous training is often required from those involved. Frequently Asked Questions How do I obtain a concealed weapons permit? You must be a resident of Washington County, and an application must be filed in the Washington County Circuit Court Clerk’s Office. The Sheriff’s Office will conduct a background investigation on each applicant. You must also provide written documentation that you have been trained in the handling of handguns. How do I request radar or extra traffic enforcement for a particular road? Call the Sheriff’s Office at 276-676-6000 and give detailed information concerning the section of road you are requesting radar or traffic enforcement. I need to get fingerprinted for employment, adoption, etc. Where do I go? You can come to the Washington County Public Safety Building at 20281 Rustic Lane, Tuesday and Thursday between the hours of 9:00am and 4:30pm. You must bring a photo ID. There is a $10 charge for fingerprinting. We accept cash only. I had property stolen or damaged and I need a report for my insurance company. How do I obtain a report? Call 276-676-6000 between the hours of 8:30am and 5:00pm and ask to speak to the Offense Report File Clerk. She will send a copy of the report either to you or your insurance company. How do I file a complaint against personnel? Call the Sheriff’s Office at (276) 676-6000 or come by the Sheriff’s Office and obtain a ‘Report of Complaint Against Police Personnel’, fill it out and return it to any member of the Sheriff’s Office; OR write your complaint and mail it to the Sheriff.