Home | Wasatch Sheriff top of page Search Button LOADING Welcome The Wasatch County Sheriff’s Office proudly serves the citizens and visitors of Wasatch County, which was established 1862 when Utah was still a territory of the U.S. SCROLL DOWN INTERESTING TILE Invite the user to know a specific page. Invite the user to know a specific page. Learn more MISSION, PRINCIPLES, GOALS | 01 - 04 Mission Principles Goals OUR MISSION Proactively serve and protect In partnership with the community, we will proactively serve and protect our neighborhoods, schools, and businesses using thorough, innovative, and cost-effective methods to prevent crime, enforce the law, and care for and rehabilitate those who are incarcerated. OUR PRINCIPLES We recognize the badge as a symbol of public faith Our fundamental duty is to serve the citizens of Wasatch County, protecting lives and property against deception, intimidation, violence, and disorder. Read more OUR GOALS Commited to improving The Wasatch County Sheriff’s Office is committed to growing and improving to meet the needs of our community. We routinely evaluate our goals for the future, adjusting when necessary and adding new objectives as we achieve others. Read more DIVISIONS | 02 - 04 Divisions 01 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Administration Our team handles everything from overseeing the hiring process to managing non-sworn duties like answering phone calls and assisting front office visitors. Learn more 02 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Patrol From responding to active shooters to investigating robberies, their priority is to answer every call for service in a timely and efficient manner. Learn more 03 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Investigations The Investigations Division has several components, including 11 sworn deputies and an additional five officers from other departments who are assigned to the division. Learn more 04 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Corrections The Corrections Division is comprised of approximately 40 deputies who oversee the Wasatch County Jail, a 100-bed facility designed for inmates who will be serving less than a year behind bars. Learn more 05 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Communications 911 Communications assumes the essential responsibility of all emergency and non-emergency calls for police, fire, and medical assistance. Learn more 06 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Search and Rescue Anyone, anytime, anywhere. This motto embodies the spirit of our Search and Rescue team, which is one of the busiest in the state of Utah. Learn more 07 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Emergency Management The Emergency Management Division exists to answer the important question of “What do we do if…?” Learn more 08 - 08 SCROLL DOWN Animal Shelter Heber Valley Animal Shelter provides services to Heber City, Midway City, the Town of Hideout, Interlaken, and the unincorporated regions of Wasatch County. Learn more News Avalanche Safety Tips from Wasatch County Sheriff's Office 5/24/23, 10:06 PM View all NEWS | 03 - 05 FAQ | 03 - 04 FAQ Frequently Asked Answers to some of the most common questions we receive. If you can’t find what you’re looking for, please call (435) 654-1098 . View all How do I obtain a copy of a case report? If you’d like to request a case report, you must complete a GRAMA request form and provide the necessary fees. Once you’re ready to submit these materials, please provide them by mail, fax, or email using the information below. ​ Wasatch County Sheriff’s Office 1361 South Highway 40 Heber City, Utah 84032 Fax: (435) 657-3580 Email: wcsorecords@wasatch.utah.gov GRAMA Request Form Does the office provide fingerprints services? Yes, walk-in fingerprint services are available Monday through Friday from 8 to 10 a.m. on a first come, first served basis. ​ For general applications, you must have a valid form of identification. The fee is $25 (credit card only) for two cards. For court-ordered fingerprint services, there is no fee, but you must have court paperwork or a citation. Do you unlock vehicles? As a free service to the community, the Sheriff’s Office will respond when someone has locked their keys inside their vehicle. ​ This service can be requested by contacting the Dispatch Center at (435) 654-1411 . ​ The Wasatch County Sheriff’s Office does not assume responsibility for any damage that may occur while performing this service. You must sign a waiver of liability before the deputy will attempt to unlock a vehicle. Does the office have a medication disposal box? Yes, there is a free medication disposal box located in the entryway of the Wasatch County Sheriff’s Office. This helps minimize the threat of accidental poisoning or drug abuse. Learn more Do you provide court paperwork and documents? No, we cannot provide forms or legal advice. For information about filing protective orders, please contact Wasatch County Victim Advocate Kristen Guthrie at (435) 671-9490 . Court paperwork, such as eviction notices and divorce papers, may be accessed at www.utcourts.gov . For civil service documents and information, please email WCSOrecords@wasatch.utah.gov . Where can I find inmate information? Wasatch County Jail is a medium-security jail located at 1361 South Highway 40 in Heber City. The facility is for offenders who are convicted for crimes which come under Utah state laws. To reach the jail, please call (435) 657-1619 . ​ Visitation Under ordinary circumstances, each incarcerated person is allowed one 30-minute visit on each visiting day. Please arrive early to sign in and register. ​ Unless a problem arises, the following schedule will be employed: ​ Men – Tuesday from 5:30 to 7 p.m. and Saturday 12 to 2:30 p.m. Women – Thursday from 5:30 to 7 p.m. and Sunday from 12 to 2:30 p.m. ​ Phone Calls Evercom phones are available to be used by incarcerated persons. To use these phones, inmates may call collect, purchase phone cards from the commissary, or have their family members open an account with Evercom. ​ To contact Evercom’s customer support office, please call 1-800-844-6591 . ​ Mail Inmates may send or receive mail. They may also receive items such as books, magazines, and some compact discs, but the items must be sent directly from the manufacturer or supplier and must be in the original packaging. ​ To ensure your mail reaches the correct person, please include the inmate’s name on the outside of the envelope or package and send it to the following address: ​ Inmate's Name 1365 South Highway 40 Heber City, Utah 84032 ​ Commissary Access Individuals held in the regular housing sections of the jail may purchase certain food and non-food items from the jail commissary. To make these purchases, the inmate must have money in his or her jail cash account. ​ You may deposit money into an inmate’s cash account by: Visiting https://www.correctpay.com and making a deposit using a credit card. Sending a money order or cashier’s check (no personal check will be accepted) to the inmate. Making an in-person cash deposit during business hours at the Wasatch County Sheriff's Office. CONTACT US | 04 - 04 Contact us First name Last name Email Phone Message Submit Thanks for submitting! bottom of page