Brunswick County Sheriff's Department Home DIVISIONS Administration Animal Control Communications Civil Process Court Security School Resource Officers Patrol Investigations Specialized Units RESOURCES Annual Report Concealed Weapon Permit Community Policing Data FOIA Request News Additional Services Links Gallery Courthouse Ticket Information Courthouse Information CAREERS Current Open Positions Apply Here Animal Control Positions Communications Position Court Security Position Patrol Position SRO Position CONTACT Tips Contact Us Welcome to Brunswick County Sheriff’s Office in Virginia It is with warm regards that I welcome you to the Brunswick County Sheriff’s Office website. I strive to provide an open and informative link between law enforcement and the citizens. The goal of the sheriff’s office is to protect and serve the citizens of our county using a modern approach to law enforcement with an emphasis on community oriented policing. I truly appreciate your partnership in these efforts as we work together to ensure that Brunswick County is a secure, friendly and engaging community where we can all live, work and raise our families. Respectfully Serving You, B.K. Roberts, Sheriff Mission Statement The members of the Brunswick County Sheriff's Office shall, through a partnership with the citizens of our community, provide for the highest possible degree of protection for the county residents, guests and their properties. The Brunswick Sheriff's Office shall endeavor to develop community responsibilities devoted to the reduction of crime and the enhancement of public safety. These efforts shall include problem solving strategies, crime analysis, crime suppression and crime prevention techniques, a business/ community/ law enforcement alliance and other approaches designed to establish an environment where the criminal element will not prosper. An accredited agency The Brunswick County Sheriff’s Office became an accredited agency in 2007 and has maintained this elite designation ever since. Agencies are required to withstand on-going reviews with re-accreditation occurring every four years. To find out more, Click the button below. Learn more Get alerted about weather events and emergencies by signing up for Brunswick Alert. Find out more Social Media Copyright © 2024 Brunswick County Sheriff's Office - Virginia - All Rights Reserved Powered by Contact Us