Sheriff's Office | Somerset County Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Show/Hide Based upon operational needs, Somerset County’s Warrenbrook Senior Wellness Center is redirecting its members, from Wednesday, July 8 to Friday, July 24, 2026, to the Senior Wellness Center at Basking Ridge. Transportation arrangements will be made by Office on Aging and Disability staff to support this change. The Senior Wellness Center at Basking Ridge offers a robust array of engaging programs and a nutritious noontime meal, just like the Warrenbrook Center. Services at Warrenbrook Senior Wellness Center will resume on Monday, July 27, 2026. If you have questions, call (908) 704-6346 or email officeaging@somersetcountynj.gov . Corrections / Jail Information about our Jail, visitation, etc Divisions Learn about each division Hate Crimes Report bias/hate crime issues anonymously K9 Unit Read about our four legged officers, current and retired Requests K9 demos, honor guard, interships Sheriff Sales Real Estate and/or Personal Property to satisfy a debt BCI / VIP Outreach Russo's Roll Call About Sheriff Russo Sheriff Darrin Russo is in his second term serving as the Somerset County Sheriff. A Somerset County resident since 1989; Sheriff Russo resides in Franklin Township with his wife Denise. The proud father of five boys and one granddaughter, Sheriff Russo is a strong proponent of family. His motto of “Every Badge has a Family” shows his dedication to the families of law enforcement. Sheriff Russo retired as a Lieutenant from the Franklin Township Police Department where he served with pride for more than 30 years. During his service in Franklin Township, Russo worked with county, state and federal agencies on many high-profile investigations. Russo oversaw some of the largest mobilization of officers in Somerset County to combat gang activity, violent crimes and robberies. Russo managed a staff of 16 officers, four sergeants and multiple police units that served the citizens of Franklin Township with integrity and honor. Sheriff Russo has received numerous citations and distinctions and is a two-time recipient of the Somerset County 200 Club Award. Immediately upon taking Office, Sheriff Russo conducted an assessment of the functions of the agency to better manage resources and serve the community. Sheriff Russo expanded the Sheriff’s K-9 Unit throughout the region to combat drugs and keep the community safe. Sheriff Russo created a Community Outreach unit to build bridges with the various communities within Somerset County. Sheriff Russo also formed a Sheriff’s Chaplain Program to help build relationships with the community in times of crisis and to serve law enforcement. Sheriff Russo has worked diligently to create a department that is highly trained, educated and diverse. Sheriff Russo has built strategic partnerships with federal and state law enforcement agencies as well as the Somerset County Prosecutor’s Office to help reduce crime and increase public safety. Last year Sheriff Russo transitioned the Somerset County Jail into a “detention hub” due to declining incarceration trends after careful research and planning. With the Somerset County Commissioners, Russo saved millions of taxpayer dollars by creating a shared service with the Morris County Sheriff’s Office to house prisoners. This was done with zero layoffs and by realigning personnel to other critical law enforcement services. Sheriff Russo enjoys working to support many charities and organizations throughout Somerset County. He is passionate about volunteering to assist Special Olympics NJ athletes and helping to support local food banks. Russo enjoys cooking for the families of sick children at Ronald McDonald House. Russo also served as a Grand Marshal for the Italian American Police Society of New Jersey where he proudly has been a member for years. Although Sheriff Russo is known as an innovative strong leader, he prides himself as proudly being a “cop”. His dedication, integrity, tenacity and kindness makes him one of New Jersey’s most admired law enforcement executives. Duties of Sheriff Responsibilities include maintaining a safe and secure environment at the Somerset County Courthouse and the county complex, providing support to all county law enforcement efforts, the operation of the Somerset County Jail and the care and custody of persons incarcerated and committed by the courts. The Sheriff’s Office is also responsible for the Sheriff’s Bureau of Criminal Identification, Sheriff’s Sales, Sheriff’s K-9 Unit, Sheriff’s Special Response Team, Gang & Terrorism Intelligence Unit, the safe transportation of county prisoners, execution of civil and criminal court warrants and processing of civil documents, and providing a School Resource Officer for a Somerset County school. In addition, assists municipal police departments and conducts safety programs for schools and county residents. The Sheriff’s Office is an official year-round medicine drop-off location for unwanted, unused and expired medications. Additional programs provided by the Sheriff’s Office include: Project Lifesaver, Active Shooter Training, an unserviceable American Flag collection point, Boy Scout Police Explorer Post, Hate Crimes Awareness and Prevention Unit and Chaplain Program and other services. Darrin J. Russo, Sheriff Phone: 908-231-7140 Fax: 908-253-8949 Mail: 20 Grove Street, P.O. Box 3000, Somerville, NJ 08876 Re-Elected for a 2nd Term Term: 3-year Term; Expires 12/31/2025 Public Notices Accreditation 2025 December 2024 Internal Affairs Unit Russo's Roll Call Newsletter 2024 Newsletter 2023 Newsletter News No results found. Events No results found.