Geary County KS Sheriff | Dedicated to providing fair, responsive service and protection since 1897. 826 N. Franklin St., Junction City, KS 66441 Select Page WELCOME TO THE GEARY COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE OFFICIAL WEBSITE Sheriff Nate Boeckman Our Mission Honor. Courage. Compassion. Fidelity. Accountability. The mission of the men and women of the Geary County Sheriff’s Department is to safeguard the lives, Constitutional Rights and property of those in our community by fairly and impartially enforcing state and local laws while relentlessly pursuing those who commit crimes and bringing them to justice. We will perform our public safety and custodial duties with honor, courage, compassion, and fidelity while holding ourselves accountable to the community we serve. We will uphold the Constitution of the State of Kansas, and the Constitution of the United States of America. Report A Crime Jail Information Quick Links Reports and Fees Crime Tipster Inmate Search Civil Process ChildNet Officer Down Memorial Kansas Peace Officers Association VINE Kansas Wildlife & Parks Kansas Attorney General U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Kansas Domestic Violence Resources Kansas Highway Patrol ChatDanger- How to stay safe while online Grandview Plaza Police Department Junction City Police Department Kansas Bureau of Investigation Local Most Wanted National Center For Missing and Exploited Children Online Safety for Parents Career Opportunities Employment “ Bravery is not the absence of fear, but action in the face of fear.” -Mark Messier Dedicated To Our Fallen Law Enforcement Officers Read About Our Fallen Looking For information about a recent arrest? Jail Info Inmate Lookup Follow us on Facebook and Twitter Follow Follow “Members of the community and department employees are encouraged to offer comments regarding our ability to comply with set standards through an online form. This survey is available year-round. You can submit a response here” CALEA Comment Portal Search Search for: Quick Links Crime Tipster Concealed Carry Report a Crime Civil Process Records Division ChildNet Highway Patrol Missing and Exploited Children Officer Down Memorial Kansas Peace Officers Association