Sandoval County Sheriff's Office - Sandoval County Home Departments A-G Assessor Bureau of Elections Clerk Community Services County Manager Detention Center Economic Development Emergency Management Finance Fire Department & Emergency Medical Services H-Z Human Resources Information Technology Legal Marketing & Communications Planning & Zoning Probate Judge PSECC Public Information Office Public Works Sheriff Tourism Treasurer Tribal Liaison Program Commission Information About the Commission District 1 District 2 District 3 District 4 District 5 Elected Officials Assessor’s Office Clerk’s Office Probate’s Office Sheriff’s Office Treasurer’s Office How Do I? FIND My Commission District Open Burning Info Planning & Zoning Landfill Monthly Menu / Newsletter VIEW County Finances County Job Openings Interactive Web Maps Meeting Videos Senior Center Lunch Menu Tax Rates CONTACT Animal Control Detention Center DWI Prevention Public Works Assessor Clerk Finance Sheriff Treasurer GET Birth Certificate Death Certificate Marriage License Registered To Vote Requests for Proposals REPORT Found Pet Road Maintenance PAY Pay Property Taxes Search Inmate Search & Video Visitation Search Property Records About Calendars About Sandoval County Sandoval County News Contact Jesse James Casaus Sandoval County Sheriff (505) 867-7526 sheriffs_office@sandovalcountynm.gov 2nd Term, Re-Elected November 2022 Term January 2023 - December 2026 Next Election for this seat is November 2026 Contact Us Location: 7255 Oersted Rd NE. Bernalillo, NM 87004 Mailing Address: P.O. Box 5219 Bernalillo, NM 87004 Sheriff's Office: Business hours 0800 to 1600 hours: (505) 867-7526 Emergency : 911 Non-Emergency : (505) 898-7585 Sheriff's Office Public Record Requests Submit a Tip - Fight Crime in your Neighborhood Sandoval County Sheriff's Department Facebook Page Search the State of New Mexico Sex Offender Registry Sheriff’s Office Annual Reports Sign up for Sandoval County Alerts and Notifications What We Do The Sandoval County Sheriff's Office is committed to working in a partnership with individuals, communities, businesses, and other divisions and agencies to deter crime and injustices in order to provide a high quality of life for the people of Sandoval County. The Sheriff, deputies and staff strive to provide professional services to the public in an effective, efficient and timely manner through communication, consideration and cooperation. How We Serve You The Sheriffs Office provides law enforcement, court security and animal control services to residents of Sandoval County. The office serves legal documents issued by District and Magistrate Courts and is responsible for transporting prisoners, both adult and juvenile, in and out of Sandoval County and is also responsible for extradition of prisoners arrested in other States. The Sheriff's Department serves as the County’s principal law enforcement agency with duties and responsibilities established by State law. The Sheriff assigns deputies into four districts within the County to deter criminal activity, arrest criminal offenders, promote traffic safety and respond to emergency calls. The Sheriff's Department has concurrent jurisdiction with local law enforcement officers in municipalities. While the department cooperates closely with community authorities, local police agencies are responsible for providing law enforcement services within their communities. Among the County’s smaller and more rural communities, the Sheriff’s Office is the primary law enforcement agency. Tribal Police Departments, tribal officials, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the FBI, provide law enforcement for sovereign Native American nations. In Sandoval County, these include the pueblos of Jemez, Zia, Santa Ana, Sandia, Cochiti, Santo Domingo and San Felipe, portions of the Navajo Nation and the Jicarilla Apache Reservation. The Sheriff works closely with each entity and has authorization to charge Native American offenders on tribal land into tribal courts. Non-Native Americans who are charged with a crime on tribal land can be charged in State courts. Services & Resources Animal Control Animal Control Ordinance Animal Welfare Programs & Services Complaint or Compliment Form Discharge of Firearms Regulations Events Calendar Lost Pets Search the State of New Mexico Sex Offender Registry Services & Fees Sex Offender Registration for Sandoval County Staff Contact List Submit a Close Patrol Request Form County Sheriff About SCSO Sheriff’s Office Annual Reports Crime Tip Submission Services & Fees Animal Control Links Contact Events In Memory Of Elected Officials County Assessor County Clerk Probate Judge Sandoval County Sheriff’s Office County Treasurer Cookie Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. By using our site, you consent to cookies. Preferences Reject Accept All Powered by (opens in a new window) Cookie Preferences × Manage your cookie preferences below: Toggle Essential Essential Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website. Name Description Duration Cookie Preferences This cookie is used to store the user's cookie consent preferences. 30 days Toggle Comments Comments These cookies are needed for adding comments on this website. Name Description Duration comment_author_email Used to track the user across multiple sessions. Session comment_author_url Used to track the user across multiple sessions. Session comment_author Used to track the user across multiple sessions. Session Toggle Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager Google Tag Manager simplifies the management of marketing tags on your website without code changes. Name Description Duration cookiePreferences Registers cookie preferences of a user 2 years td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. session Toggle Statistics Statistics Statistics cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us understand how visitors use our website. Toggle Google Analytics Google Analytics Google Analytics is a powerful tool that tracks and analyzes website traffic for informed marketing decisions. Service URL: policies.google.com (opens in a new window) Name Description Duration _gac_ Contains information related to marketing campaigns of the user. These are shared with Google AdWords / Google Ads when the Google Ads and Google Analytics accounts are linked together. 90 days __utma ID used to identify users and sessions 2 years after last activity __utmt Used to monitor number of Google Analytics server requests 10 minutes __utmb Used to distinguish new sessions and visits. This cookie is set when the GA.js javascript library is loaded and there is no existing __utmb cookie. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to the Google Analytics server. 30 minutes after last activity __utmc Used only with old Urchin versions of Google Analytics and not with GA.js. Was used to distinguish between new sessions and visits at the end of a session. End of session (browser) __utmz Contains information about the traffic source or campaign that directed user to the website. The cookie is set when the GA.js javascript is loaded and updated when data is sent to the Google Anaytics server 6 months after last activity __utmv Contains custom information set by the web developer via the _setCustomVar method in Google Analytics. This cookie is updated every time new data is sent to the Google Analytics server. 2 years after last activity __utmx Used to determine whether a user is included in an A / B or Multivariate test. 18 months _ga ID used to identify users 2 years _gali Used by Google Analytics to determine which links on a page are being clicked 30 seconds _ga_ ID used to identify users 2 years _gid ID used to identify users for 24 hours after last activity 24 hours _gat Used to monitor number of Google Analytics server requests when using Google Tag Manager 1 minute Toggle Cookie Policy Cookie Policy You can find more information in our Cookie Policy and . Accept All Close Save and Close Powered by (opens in a new window)