Inmate Mail | Aiken County Sheriff, SC Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Detention Center Aiken County Detention Center Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Requirements for General Mail : General mail must be sent using a standard size or legal sized envelope. Exceptions may be made for greeting cards; however, cards may be subject to content review. Cards with excessive glitter or other adhesives may be refused for delivery if there is reason to suspect the presence of illegal substances. Staff will open and inspect all in-coming mail classified as "general" mail. Privileged mail will be opened in the presence of the inmate to whom it is addressed and will be inspected for contraband but not read. Inmates will be advised as to the guidelines regarding the inspection of mail during the inmate orientation process and through publication of information regarding mail and publications in the Inmate Handbook accessible for review by all inmates. Mail being sent to a detainee should be addressed as follows: MAIL & PHOTO REQUIREMENTS AND RESTRICTIONS No cash, personal checks Mail must be 10 pages or less per envelope Page size must be no larger than 8.5” x 11” Greeting cards will not be accepted Mail can include written or typed pages, photos, drawings (No Polaroid photos) No glitter, glue, tape, 3D elements, or electronic components (lights, music, animation) No items containing, depicting, or relating to sexually explicit activity, gang activity, illegal activity, violence, drug, or alcohol use, etc. No photos of nude or partially clothed persons Incoming mail containing photographs will be monitored. Inmates are only authorized to possess up to 50 photographs no greater than 4”x6” at any time. No illegal substances or any other items considered to be contraband Privileged Mail: Officials of federal, state, and local courts; All federal, state, and local officials; Attorneys; Detention Center officials For mail to be deemed privileged , it must include a return address that indicates the mail is from an attorney, court or court official, government official, grievance representative, legal firm/organization/group, medical/mental health care professional or group, etc. Privileged mail is accepted in any form of container. All privileged mail will be opened in the presence of the inmate to whom it is addressed. Any staples, paperclips or other fasteners will be removed. Privileged mail will not be read by the delivering officer. Privileged correspondence may contain a self-addressed stamped envelope to allow an inmate return signed or needed documents. In these cases, the return envelope will be allowed. Care Packages: Care packages from family members and friends will NOT be accepted for delivery to any inmate. These items will be "Returned to Sender" and will be logged. Money Orders: Money orders contained in inmate mail will be processed for deposit to the intended inmate’s commissary account. Generally, deposits will be made within 24-hour of receipt, excluding weekends and holidays. A receipt for the deposit will be provided to the inmate. ONLY MONEY ORDERS WILL BE ACCEPTED FOR DEPOSIT. Publications: Refers to a personal book, magazine, or newspaper received from the publisher or a nationally recognized distributor (i.e., Amazon, Barnes and Noble, etc.) and purchased by a family member or friend for direct delivery to an inmate. Publications must be new and in paperback format. Publications are subject to search for contraband and for content that may pose a threat to the safety. Requirements: Books are not to exceed 7” X 10” and must be no thicker 2”. Packages containing publications purchased by a family member or friend from a publisher or approved distributor for direct delivery to an inmate will be accepted. Publications are subject to certain restrictions and to search and content review as described below. The detention center will not accept magazines or newspapers or any publication that contains staples, paperclips, hardback and/or any metal objects that may threaten the overall safety and security of the facility, unless the restricted items can be easily removed from the materials. If such objects cannot be easily removed, they will be marked “refused” and will be inventoried and stored with the inmate’s personal property provided space is available. If space is not available, the item may be repackaged and returned to sender. Commendations & Complaints Submit a Tip Frequently Asked Questions Community Policing 420 Hampton Avenue NE Aiken, SC 29801 For Emergencies Dial 9-1-1 General Information P: 803-642-1761 Report a Non-Emergency P: 803-648-6811 P: 800-922-9709 Calendar FAQs Forms News Notifications /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow