Jail - Sheriff's Office - Cerro Gordo County, Iowa Menu Search About Cities Elected Officials School Districts Township Information Departments Attorney Auditor Board of Supervisors City Assessor Conservation County Assessor Emergency Management Engineer and Secondary Roads General Assistance GIS Human Resources Planning and Zoning Public Health Recorder Sheriff Treasurer Veteran Affairs All Departments Contact Clear · 59° Calendar Courts Employment FAQ Translate Language Select Language Translate Input Button Translate Query Google Translate Vote Translate Sheriff Jail Inmate List Contact Numbers Cerro Gordo County Jail : 641-421-3019 Public Defender : 641-423-4181 Bondsman North Iowa Bail Bonds: 641-420-4541 Lederman Bail Bonds: 641-423-1899 Moore Bail Bonds: 515-573-0417 Inmate Phone Problems : 866-797-5778 Clerk of court for court dates/times : 641-424-6431 Inmate Mail Correspondence should be mailed to: (Inmate’s name) Cerro Gordo County Law Enforcement Center 17262 Lark Ave. Mason City, IA 50401 The full name and address of the person sending mail to you must be included on the envelope. Packages will not be received. Incoming mail, except those from your attorney and certain other officials, will be opened and inspected for contraband and other matters of concern to the security, safety and control of the jail. You may receive newspapers only if they come directly from the publisher. Old newspapers are to be disposed of immediately and properly. No stockpiling is permitted. We reserve the right to withhold the delivery of any incoming mail which does not show the name and address of the sender or which otherwise violates these rules. Such mail will be placed in your personal property and will be returned to you upon your release from custody. Attempting to send or receive mail or messages except by the methods stated above is a violation of jail rules. This includes any attempts to smuggle out letters or to get around the rules in any other way. Mail will be processed and delivered/sent the day it is received. Exceptions to this will be holidays and weekends, at which time the mail will go in/out the next normal business day. Money/Commissary The money that you have with you at the time you were admitted to the jail will be deposited into your commissary account. During your stay in the jail, you may buy items from the jail commissary and the amount you spend will be deducted from the money in your account. You are not allowed to have money on your person or in your cell while in custody. When you are released, the money remaining in your account will be returned to you in the form of a debit card. While you are here, family or friends may deposit money to your commissary account 24 hrs/day 7 days/week by using either of 2 methods: The money kiosk in the jail lobby using cash or debit or credit cards Go to www.jailatm.com to use debit or credit cards only You can release money from your commissary account or your personal property to members of your family, friends, attorney or bondsman. You must sign a release form for any money or personal property you release. Your money or personal property cannot be released to another inmate. You are not allowed to transfer money from your account to another inmate’s account. Money can be transferred out from commissary to the inmate phone system to make phone calls. Off-site video visitation Visits will be initiated by the inmate. Visitor will receive either text message or email with a link advising inmate would like to visit with them. To create an account, you must submit photos for approval at prodigysales.com If you need assistance in registering, call 866-700-4545 x7. All rules and times for in person visitation also apply to online visitation. Video Visitation System Instructions Personal Property All personal property you had with you when you entered the jail will be inventoried and stored. Your property will be returned to you upon your release. You will be permitted to have a limited amount of personal items, such as a family photo (no Polaroid), letters and legal documents. All items kept in your cell are subject to the approval of the Jail Supervisor. A large accumulation of items will not be permitted and the items kept will be neatly stored or displayed. The jail staff will not deliver or exchange items of property between inmates located in different cell blocks or exchange items from your lockers. The jail reserves the right to dispose of any personal property left behind or not picked up by family or friends. The jail will only keep these items for a period of 30 days after your release. Once the 30-day period expires, all property is destroyed. Phones - Family, Friends, and Attorney While you are here, you can contact family or friends using collect calls on the inmate phone system. You are also able to transfer money from your commissary account to the inmate phone system in order to make calls. For problems with the inmate phone system call 866-797-5778. All telephone calls to your attorney are set up for a free call (except for calls made at the time of booking). If your attorney wants to talk with you or has new developments in your case, he/she will accept your call. If not, your attorney will not accept your call. Constant calls to your attorney, which result in harassment to him/her will be reported to the jail staff and disciplinary action will be taken against you. You cannot call your attorney at home unless the jail staff has been told to permit this by your attorney. Posting Bond See Jail inmate population report for total bond You can bond someone out of jail 24 hrs/day 7 days/week. If you look at the inmate listing or the outstanding warrant list, you can use a bondsman if the citation, charge or warrant lists cash/surety (sometimes shows as c/s). Bondsman contact information: North Iowa Bail Bonds: 641-430-4541 Lederman Bail Bonds: 641-423-1899 Moore Bail Bonds: 515-573-0417 Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) The Cerro Gordo County Sheriff’s Office has a ZERO-TOLERANCE policy for Sexual Misconduct of any kind! It is our Agency’s mission to provide a safe, humane and secure environment for all inmates, from the Threat of Sexual Misconduct by inmates or by staff and to be free from retaliation in reporting Sexual Misconduct. ALL allegations of Sexual Misconduct will be fully investigated and treated in a confidential and serious manner. If an alleged incident of Sexual Misconduct occurred, the person(s) responsible will be subject to in-house disciplinary action and/or Criminal Prosecution. Smoking The Cerro Gordo County Jail has adopted a no smoking policy. Smoking will not be allowed at any time for any purpose while you are in custody. Smoking is prohibited on the property including the parking lot and all grounds around the law enforcement center. Visitation Rules and Times Jail Population Report Days and Times Wednesdays 6:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. Sundays 1:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m. Rules All visits need to be scheduled 24 hrs in advance at prodigysales.com . Visits are limited to 15 minutes. Visits may be canceled or suspended without notice, based on discipline or security reasons Visitors can be denied a visit for several reasons – i.e. visitor name not on the visitation list, inmate not allowed visitors because of discipline or other reasons. All visitors must show valid government ID and check in with the visitation officer prior to visiting. Each inmate is permitted two (2) visits per day with no more than 2 people per visit and a limit of 4 total people per day. Visitors must be 18 or older.No one under the age of 18 is allow into the facility (to wait or otherwise). Visitors arriving on days when visitation is not allowed will not be allowed a visit.No exceptions to the visitation rules is allowed. Proper attire is required at all times.Shoes and shirts must be worn; suggestive clothing, see through fabrics, halter or tube type tops, short shorts and mini-skirts will not be permitted.Appropriate underclothing is required. Visitors appearing to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs will not be admitted into the center and WILL BE ARRESTED. Wallet and car keys are the only personal items that may be taken into the public visitation room.Items such as weapons, sharp objects, purses, satchels, diaper bags, smoking materials, chewing gun, phones, radios, TV’s, cameras etc. are not allowed. Eating and drinking are prohibited inside the public visitation room. Smoking is prohibited on all sheriff’s office property including outside. If a visitor leaves the video visitation area, they will not be allowed to re-visit. Hanging up the handset on the visitor’s visitation carrel will terminate the visit. Loud talking, excessive emotionalism or any other type of disruptive behavior will not be permitted in the public visitation room. If you experience a problem with the audio or video during the visit, please notify the visitation officer.Do not attempt to adjust the picture or sound yourself. Visitations are not “rescheduled.” If the inmate is not able to visit because of court proceedings, attorney visits or other reasons, they will have to wait until the next assigned visitation day/time. Attorneys, bondsmen or law enforcement officers who have a professional need to conduct an inmate non-contact visit should notify the jail when they first enter the jail. Attorneys may visit during normal working hours of the Sheriff’s Department 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Failure to comply with any of these policies as posted in the visitation room will result in denial of admission. Sheriff Jail Inmates Daily Incident Report Sheriff Sales Sex Offenders File A Report Special Attention/Vacation Request Radar/Speed Trailer Request Weapon Permits Other Forms Jail Links & Resources Contact Us FAQ Department Home County Courthouse 220 N. Washington Ave. Mason City, IA 50401 Contact · Report a Concern Courthouse Hours M-F 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Closed Holidays Department Hours May Vary ©2026 Cerro Gordo County · Employee Portal powered by Upcoming Holiday Closure Schedule Independence Day (July 3, 2026) Labor Day (September 7, 2026) Veterans Day (November 11, 2026) Thanksgiving Day (November 26, 2026) Day After Thanksgiving (November 27, 2026) Christmas Eve (December 24, 2026) Christmas Day (December 25, 2026) New Year's Day (January 1, 2027)