HOME | GCSO top of page PROTECT. SERVE. UNIFY. "Our mission is to improve the quality of life in Genesee County by working together with all the citizens to preserve life, maintain human rights, protect property, and promote public safety." -Sheriff Christopher R. Swanson MEET THE SHERIFF LEARN MORE I.G.N.I.T.E. Sheriff SHERIFF CHRISTOPHER R. SWANSON Sheriff Swanson is a career police officer with experience spanning nearly three decades. He has served in a variety of positions, including corrections, patrol, narcotics, criminal investigation, death investigation, human trafficking investigation, and command operations. As Sheriff, Christopher oversees the 5th largest Sheriff’s Office in the State of Michigan. His career has led him to witness some of the most heinous crimes and acts of violence one can imagine. He shares these experiences with audiences across the country to make a positive impact on their lives using lessons from the living and the dead. Sheriff Swanson attended Mott Community College and holds a Bachelor’s Degree and Master’s Degree in Public Administration, both from the University of Michigan. In 2019 Sheriff Swanson was instrumental in the creation of the Genesee Human Oppression Strike Team (G.H.O.S.T.). In less than three years of work, G.H.O.S.T. has arrested more than 150 individuals on charges ranging from human trafficking to criminal sexual conduct. G.H.O.S.T. has received national attention for its efforts to combat human trafficking while also ensuring victims are given a voice. On September 8, 2020, Sheriff Swanson turned another vision into reality with the creation of Inmate Growth Naturally and Intentionally Through Education (I.G.N.I.T.E.). Today, inmates in the Genesee County Jail go to school two hours a day, five days a week. I.G.N.I.T.E. has assisted more than 27 returning citizens to find full-time employment upon release. In addition, more than 35,000 hours of coursework have been completed. Math skills have improved by 1.5 grades and reading comprehension increased by 2.5 grades. I.G.N.I.T.E. is committed to making better people, not better inmates. In September 2021 the I.G.N.I.T.E. model was instituted by the Hennepin County Sheriff’s Office in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and the Mecklenburg County Sheriff’s Office in Charlotte, North Carolina. Also in 2020, during a time of volatile protest across the Nation in response to the killing of George Floyd, Sheriff Swanson brought protesters and officers in Flint, Michigan together. Those actions led to a viral message of hope for the nation and world. “Sheriff Swanson showed the kind of leadership, courage, and integrity that makes exemplary law enforcement leaders,” stated the National Law Enforcement Memorial and Museum. “They said march with us, so he did”, David Muir – Anchor ABC World News. SERVING WITH EXCELLENCE The Genesee County Sheriff's Office is the fifth largest Sheriff's Office in the state of Michigan. We are committed to protecting our community and serving its people. We do this through excellence and a dedication to providing the highest quality of service in all areas of community protection, law enforcement, and community outreach initiatives. From patrolling our roads, responding to emergency calls, hosting community events and offering crime prevention education, the Sheriff's Office is dedicated to making sure that all citizens in Genesee County are safe and comfortable in their neighborhoods . We also provide proactive policing strategies, such as conducting sting operations on illegal activities, being vigilant against acts of terrorism, and taking action against dangerous criminals in the community. The Genesee County Sheriff's Office always works hard for the people of the community—and it shows. Read More I.G.N.I.T.E. "Eliminating generational incarceration through education, by restoring value, hope, and purpose to our inmate population" ​ -Sheriff Christopher R. Swanson Read More PROTECTING THE VULNERABLE The Genesee Human Oppression Strike Team is a critical piece of law enforcement working to protect our communities from the threat of sexual predators and fight against sex trafficking. G.H.O.S.T.'s mission is simple: through proactive investigation we bring an end to these violent crimes that have been too often overlooked or ignored by the legal system. G.H.O.S.T.'s certification program is also being adopted nation-wide as a model for combatting such heinous offenses; with its multidisciplinary approach combining multiple law enforcement agencies with community support teams and medical personnel. Read More Join Our Team JOIN OUR TEAM We’re looking for innovative talent to join our team. See all our available positions and submit your application. Openings EMPCO Testing LCOPAT Testing FOLLOW US ON OUR LOCATION Contact sheriff GET IN TOUCH Call Us Emergency: 911 Non-Emergency: 810-257-3422 Administration: 810-257-3406 Inmate Information: 810-257-3426 Address 1002 South Saginaw Street Flint, MI 48502 bottom of page