Jones County Detention Center – Jones County, North Carolina | Official Website Quick Links: Careers Events Commissioners Agendas & Minutes Contact Facebook Open Search Window Home Sheriff’s Office Jones County Detention Center Jones County Detention Center QUICK LINKS: Sheriff’s Office Home | Concealed Weapon Permits | Gun Purchase Permits | Detention Center | Sex Offenders | Fingerprints | DNA Samples Jail The Jones County Jail is a 21 bed facility located in the basement of the Jones County Courthouse. The 18 bed section was built in 1939 along with the courthouse. A 3 bed section was added in 2009 to house females. Medical Care for Inmates Inmate medical care is provided by Southern Health Partners. We have a contract nurse that visits the jail for 20 hours a week. At other times, we have an on-call nurse to give detention officers instructions on how to care for inmates or ask questions. Officers are NOT allowed to discuss medical conditions or treatments of inmates to any family member due to HIPPA. Inmates are allowed to request for sick call forms anytime. However, if the inmate is seen for a sick call, then the inmate will be assessed a fee of $20.00 per sick call visit, per NC General Statute 153A-225(a). Inmates are also charged a fee of $10.00 for all prescription medications. This helps to offset the medical cost of providing medical care to the inmates. Indigent inmates will still be allowed receive medical care and will not be denied due to inability to pay these fees. However, the indigent inmate will be billed for these services. In the event that the inmate receives money, any outstanding medical debt will be collected. Careers In Detention We are currently accepting applications for part time reserve detention officers. This will be on an “as needed” basis. There are no set hours and no benefits. See the job description below for more details.You may turn in your completed application to Chief Detention Administrator, Jason Jarman, Monday-Friday from 8 am to 5 pm. Inmate Correspondence Mail and Publications Family and friends are encouraged to write to inmates who are incarcerated in the jail. You may send letters or money orders that meet the inmate mail policy . All incoming mail MUST have a return address including the name of the sending person. You may send mail to: Jones County Jail Inmates Name, Inmate ID Number Facility ID# 5104 PO Box 18247 Greensboro, NC 27419 Starting June 15, 2024, we will no longer accept mail at the jail unless it qualifies as legal mail. Any non-legal mail received will be returned to the sender. We no longer accept books from publishers. Jail Inmates are encouraged to maintain community ties by corresponding with their family and friends. All mail is subject to being searched for contraband and content that may threaten the security or safety of the jail, or contributes to any other illegal activities. Legal mail may be opened in the presence of the inmate to search for contraband. Mail and Photo Requirements * No cash, personal checks, or money orders may be sent to the mail processing center. * Mail must be ten pages or less per envelope. * Page size must be no larger than 8.5″ x 11″. * Mail can include written or typed pages, photos, drawings, or greeting cards (no polaroid). * No glitter, glue, tape, 3D elements, or electronic components (lights, music, animation). * No items containing, depicting, or relating to sexually explicit activity, gang activity, illegal activity, violence, drug or alcohol use, etc. * No photos of nude or partially clothed persons. * No illegal substances or any other items considered to be contraband. * No magazines, books, or packages may be sent to the mail processing center, no publications of any kind. * No originals of important documents or photos such as birth certificates, driver’s licenses, social security cards, green cards, etc. These items will be returned. * Photos sent to an inmate via the Pay Tel Connect application are $0.25 per approved photo charged to the sender, not the inmate. Mail meeting these requirements will be scanned and can be accessed by the inmate via the inmate tablet. Physical mail will be destroyed. All scanned mail containing materials considered illegal or breaches of security will be turned over to the proper authorities for investigation. Any threats of criminal activity will not be permitted in any correspondence and may result in criminal charges. Commissary Inmates are allowed to order all of their items they need while they are in jail through Oasis Management Systems, Inc. This commissary company provides inmates with a variety of items, including snacks, hygiene items, etc. available to purchase on a weekly basis. OUTSIDE ITEMS ARE NOT ACCEPTED! Family members may drop off money orders, made payable to Jones County Jail, at the jail Monday – Friday from 8am- 5pm. Family members can also mail them to the jail at the below address: Jones County Detention Center C/O (Inmates name) 101 S. Market St Trenton, NC 28585 Please make sure that the inmates name appears on the envelope and money order to ensure that the money order is credited to the correct inmates account. We are not responsible for lost, damaged, or stolen mail. Visitation Visiting with your incarcerated loved one is simple with remote video visitation provided by Pay Tel Communications, Inc. Reasons your visit may be terminated: Scheduled inmate not present or hands visit off to another inmate Showing or displaying gang signs Nudity Slamming or banging visitation terminal or phone Provocative tight clothing Cell phones, cameras, or recording devices being used. Profanity- excessive and disruptive Under 18 visiting alone Under the influence of illegal drugs or intoxicants Driving while visiting Blatant sexual activities Computers, tablets, or other electronic devices that can access the internet. This includes “Going Live” on any social media applications such as Facebook, Instagram, etc. Persons present where there is a court order for no contact Displaying weapons of any type. Anything that poses a security risk to the facility, inmates, and staff. Falsification of identification by a visitor to obtain entry to the facility for visiting purposes. Unruly or disruptive behavior before or during a visit with an inmate. Any attempt, successful or otherwise, to bring contraband to an inmate. Any attempt to visit an inmate while appearing to be under the influence of drugs or alcohol. Any other type of behavior or incident that would threaten the security and order of the facility. Your visit may also get cancelled if the inmate is in court or has transferred to another facility. If this happens, you will receive an email with a credit coupon to use for future visits. Jones County Sheriff’s Office 792 Hwy 58 S Trenton, NC 28585 Phone: 252-448-0035 Fax: 252-448-1693 Sheriff: Matthew J. Wineman Jones County Detention Center 101 S Market St. Trenton, NC 28585 Phone: 252-565-4899 Detention Center Administrator Jason Jarman 252-448-7091 ext. 6000 Jones County Government 110 S Market Street Trenton, NC 28585 Phone: 252-448-7571 Monday – Thursday, 8:00am–5:00pm Friday, 8:00am-12:00pm Search for: Search Living Here News Events About Jones County Our History Government Commissioners Agendas & Minutes County Departments Manager’s Office County Boards Quick Links Job Openings GIS Mapping Tax Payments Water Payments Civic Center Facebook Open Search Window Small Living. Big Opportunity. Privacy Policy Sitemap Non-Discrimination Statement Contact © 2026 Jones County, North Carolina | Official Website • All Rights Reserved. Website by Edge360 Creative . Search for: Search Close Search Window ↑