Incarcerated Person Mail | Napa County, CA Skip to Main Content Search Back to County Home /QuickLinks.aspx Home Departments Corrections Families Incarcerated Person Mail Incarcerated Person Mail Individuals housed at the Napa County Department of Corrections are permitted to send and receive an unlimited number of letters to maintain communication with family, friends, and legal representatives. Mail may be opened and inspected for good cause. Legal and court-related correspondence is considered confidential and will only be inspected in the incarcerated person’s presence. Mail is received and processed Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. Incoming mail must be addressed on a plain envelope as follows, or it will be rejected: Recipient Incarcerated person Incarcerated Person’s Name, PID (Personal Identification Number) c/o Mail Processing Center P.O. Box 9218 Seminole, FL 33775-9218 All magazines, newspapers, periodicals, and paperback books must be sent directly from the publisher, a bookstore, or a verifiable and reputable internet/mail-order company. Hard plastic or metal items, including bindings, are prohibited. Hardbound books will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. Any reading material that could compromise the safety or security of the facility is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: Instructions for manufacturing weapons or explosives Information on drugs, escape, or violence toward staff or other incarcerated persons Sexually explicit material depicting nudity or partial nudity Content involving any illegal activity Books may not exceed 8.5” x 11” in size. Only mail on lined paper, plain paper, or postcards (not thicker than standard postcard stock) will be accepted. The following items are prohibited: Bulk mail, blank paper, blank envelopes or stamps Envelopes that are stained, overly dirty, or have any foreign substances More than 10 photographs (no polaroids or photos larger than 5” x 7”) Magazines, newspapers, periodicals, books (paperback) did not come directly from the publisher or bookstore or a verifiable and reputable internet/mail order company Material threatens or is detrimental to the safety and security of the institution Gang related material, photos, depicting gangs, weapons, drugs, fighting techniques, unlawful activities No foreign/unidentified substances, lip prints, fragrances/perfume, adhesives, tape, sticky substances, stickers, etc. Contains items written or drawn in crayon, or has been treated with, glitter, ribbon, cords, strings and/or other items that could be easily misidentified, etc. Contains escape plans and/or other information related to escape Provides technical/detailed information on security systems, equipment, and practices used in the correctional field Contains instructional and/or “how to” material for committing illegal activities Depicts or describes the procedures for constructing or using weapons, ammunition, bombs, and/or other destructive devices, or includes life sized photographs, graphic illustrations of the items Provides instructions on martial arts, fighting techniques, and/or how to disable/disarm others Contains publications or documents that have been altered Greeting cards larger than 5” x 7”, or containing sound-making devices Anything gang related or hate oriented material Advocates violence against others and/or overthrow of authority Correspondence from incarcerated persons/prisoners from any institution Cannot contain information that could create a risk of physical harm to the individual or another person or another person if the communication were allowed. Nude or partially nude drawings or photos, or material that encourages sexual behavior Contains metal, plastic or hard surface. Information regarding law enforcement, military or jail procedures or operations Anything containing instructional and/or “how to” material for committing illegal activities Correspondence in code or third party Anything containing threats of physical harm, blackmail or mail that violates a No Contact or Protective Order Any gum, candy or food items Cash, checks, or money orders Any other material deemed inappropriate All mail determined to be contraband will be rejected with an explanation. Any Publisher whose material is sent to a named incarcerated person and is rejected for delivery shall be provided written notice of an administrative appeal process. The written notice will be sent within 15 days of the decision to reject the material and include the administrative process to appeal the decision. Contact Us Corrections Email Corrections Physical Address 2210 Napa Vallejo Highway Napa , CA 94558 Phone: 707-253-4401 Fax 707-253-4092 Directory In Custody Report SmartInmate Video and Telephone MyCarePack Custody Alternatives Questionnaire (PDF) /QuickLinks.aspx Corrections 2210 Napa Vallejo Highway 707-253-4401 More Contact Information Agendas & Minutes Department Directory Jobs & Careers Permits & Certificates Procurement Code of Ordinances County Holiday Closures /QuickLinks.aspx Follow & Engage Facebook X Threads Instagram YouTube LinkedIn County Home Page Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Public Records Account/Sign-In County Employees /QuickLinks.aspx Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow