Brown County > Government > Sheriff's Office - Jail Division > Inmate Information/Policy Home Government - About Brown County - Brown County Payments - Committees - County Board of Supervisors - County Calendar - County Executive - District Attorney - Elected Officials - FAQ - Forms & Documents - History of Brown County - Minutes & Agendas - Sheriff's Office - Sheriff's Office - Jail Division Departments - Administration - Aging and Disability Resource Center - Child Support - Circuit Court - Clerk of Circuit Court - Community Services - Community Treatment Center - Corporation Counsel - County Board Office - County Clerk - Criminal Justice Services - Emergency Management - Extension Brown County - Facilities - Health & Human Services - Highway - Housing Authority - Human Resources - Information Technology - Land & Water Conservation - Medical Examiner - Planning and Land Services - Property Listing - Public Health - Public Safety Communications - Purchasing - Register in Probate - Register of Deeds - Resource Recovery - Syble Hopp School - Treasurer - Veterans' Services - Zoning Community - Airport - Brown County Expo Center - Community Gardens - Covid-19 - Crime Prevention Grant - Flooding in Brown County - Foster Parenting - Golf Course - Library - Municipalities - Neville Public Museum - NEW Zoo & Adventure Park - Parks Department - Port of Green Bay - Public School Districts - Social Media Community - STEM Innovation - Virtual Brown County - Volunteer Community News Calendar Maps Services Payments Contacts Sheriff's Office - Jail Division > Inmate Information/Policy - General Information - Main Jail - Electronic Monitoring - Inmate Information/Policy Inmate Accounts and Commissary Information During the intake/admissions process, any money a detainee possesses will be placed into an inmate trust account overseen by the jail in accordance with Wis.Stat 303.08(3). The inmate trust account can be used for any or all of the following: Commissary program Medical fees Huber fees Pay for stay Jail processing fee Other authorized disbursements Money You can add money to an inmates account in the following ways: Lobby Kiosks $2 fee for cash $8.95 fee for cards Minimum transaction $1 + fee for both card and cash $100,000 every 7 days (deposits go to trust) Maximum of $800 per transaction, $100,000 every 7 days, max of 20 transaction in 7 days + $8.95 fee each deposit (deposits go to trust) Online Inmate canteen.com $8.95 fee for cards Minimum transaction $9.95 - Correct ($1 + $8.95 fee) Maximum of $800 per transaction, $100,000 every 7 days, max of 20 transaction in 7 days + $8.95 fee each deposit (deposits go to trust) * Please note there is also a $4.95 + 3.2% tax for shipping on care packs that are purchased through Inmate Canteen. Mailed into the jail Must be in the form of a money order or cashier's check-made out to the inmate. No personal checks will be accepted. The jail will take 25-100% of the monies deposited to cover any debt the inmate may have. Canteen Inmates are allowed to purchase up to $100.00 worth of canteen products from our commissary vendor. These items can consist of stationary products, phone minutes, snacks, clothing, shoes and hygiene materials Icare As a friend or family member of our inmates, Aramark Services offers you the opportunity to order an Icare package. Icare packages are delivered weekly Some choices they can receive include: Burgers Burritos Hot wings Loaded nachos Chicken sandwiches Order an Icare package for an inmate- www.icaregifts.com Release Upon release form the jail, if an inmate accounts shows a positive balance after all charges have been deducted, a check will be mailed to the address given at booking We do not issue checks in person This process can take up to 15 business days If an inmate account is not paid within 30 days, the account will be turned over to a collection agency and/or tax intercept If an inmate would return to the Brown County Jail, any funds they have at the time of booking, may be applied toward the existing negative balance Inmate Clothing and Property Information Can I send magazines/books? Yes! If the following rules are followed: 1. Books and magazines will ONLY be accepted through Hamilton Books 2. Must be softcover 3. Limited to 2 magazines & 3 books in their cell due to space 4. UK versions of magazines are not permitted 5. Material deemed to be a threat to security, racially derogatory or inflammatory in nature will be considered contraband and seized or destroyed via policy Release of Personal Property The following items can be released from your property to an outside person (family or friend): Jewelry cellphones purse/wallet keys A property release form must be completed and submitted to a correction staff member The release form must include the full name of the person the property is to be released to, as well as the inmate's signature and date. The person picking up the property must provide a pricture identification card and sign an acceptance reciept This property can only be released within 72 hours of incarceration State Prison Inmates being transferred to these facilities will go in a jail orange uniform. The inmate must make arrangements to have all other property not accepted by the system within 30 days of the inmate's departure The inmate must fill out the appropriate property release from the person's full name that is picking up the property. The inmate must inform this person's to come to the Brown County Jail to pick up the property Inmate prison property is available for pick up: Saturday and Sunday 8:00am-7:30pm Inmates Clothes Allowed: 3 pairs of underwear T-shirts Socks Pullover sports bras(may not have any metal parts) Thermal T-shirts and pants Note: all clothing articles must be mailed in from a reputable company. Brown County Jail will only accept cotton undergarments/t-shirts. No logos/designs will be allowed. If more than the allotted amount is mailed in. the remainder of the items will be donated. Jury Trial Clothing Any jury trial clothing that is required for a defendant or witness that has a hearing within the Brown County Courthouse needs to be delivered to Court Security by 4PM the day before the hearing. The Brown County Jail will no longer accept clothing that would need to be transferred to the courthouse for a hearing. The delivering party can contact Court Security at (920)448-4248 or our office is located on the first floor of the courthouse near the Doty ST entrance (door is marked “Private” and across from the Women’s bathroom). Items should be contained in some fashion and marked with a name. Items will be inventoried by Court Security and a receipt provided to the delivering party. Items that will be accepted include shoes, socks (one pair per day of hearing), shirt (one per day of hearing), pants (one per day of hearing), suit coat, dress/skirt (one per day of hearing), belt and a tie. All items should be properly fitting and be able to accommodate appropriate restraint devices ordered by the judge. Within 24 hours of the conclusion of the hearing, items must be picked up from Court Security. Any items held beyond 24 hours, unless prior arrangements have been made, will be disposed of. Email Email Contact: Captain Heidi Michel • Click here to email Government County Board of Supervisors Minutes & Agendas County Clerk County Executive Forms & Documents Departments ADRC - Aging & Disability Resource Center Circuit Court Emergency Management Extension Brown County Parks Department Public Works Register of Deeds Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office - Jail Division Syble Hopp School Treasurer Veterans' Services Community Airport Brown County Community Gardens Brown County Public School Districts Golf Course Library Municipalities Neville Public Museum NEW Zoo & Adventure Park Social Media Links Virtual Brown County Volunteer Community News Calendar Maps Services Payments Contact Us Email Alerts Copyright © 2026 Brown County Government - Wisconsin Legal Notice | Accessibility Information | Waiver Disclaimer | Acceptable Use Policy | HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices | Aviso de Practicas de Privacidad | Linking Policy Designed & Powered By About Brown County Brown County Payments Committees County Board of Supervisors County Calendar County Executive District Attorney Elected Officials FAQ Forms & Documents History of Brown County Minutes & Agendas Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office - Jail Division Administration Aging and Disability Resource Center Child Support Circuit Court Clerk of Circuit Court Community Services Community Treatment Center Corporation Counsel County Board Office County Clerk Criminal Justice Services Emergency Management Extension Brown County Facilities Health & Human Services Highway Housing Authority Human Resources Information Technology Land & Water Conservation Medical Examiner Planning and Land Services Property Listing Public Health Public Safety Communications Purchasing Register in Probate Register of Deeds Resource Recovery Syble Hopp School Treasurer Veterans' Services Zoning Airport Brown County Expo Center Community Gardens Covid-19 Crime Prevention Grant Flooding in Brown County Foster Parenting Golf Course Library Municipalities Neville Public Museum NEW Zoo & Adventure Park Parks Department Port of Green Bay Public School Districts Social Media Community STEM Innovation Virtual Brown County Volunteer Community