NEWTON COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE - Newton County Sheriff's Office - Sheriff Matt Stewart NEWTON COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE Home About Us Newton County Honor Roll Command Staff Patrol Investigations Support Staff & Records Employment Resources Annual Reports Media Reports Compliment a Deputy CCW Permits Services Newton County Sex Offenders Links Submit a Crime Tip Jail Contact Sheriff Matt Stewart ​Newton County Sheriff's Office 208 W. Coler Street Neosho, Missouri 64850 Vision: Our vision is to be a positive example for other agencies and to have highly trained, well-equipped employees who desire to fulfill the mission and make our community a better place. Mission Statement: The mission of the Newton County Sheriff’s Office, with strict adherence to the Constitution, is to be transparent while proactively protecting and serving the citizens of our county and remaining focused on our victims and employees. Our Values: Compassion Service Integrity Courage For the second year in a row, Newton County has been designated by the Missouri Department of Public Safety as a Blue Shield County. Welcome! This is the official website of the Newton County Sheriff's Office in Neosho, Missouri . We strive to serve our citizens professionally and with the utmost respect. ​Through our website you can: access information about our jail, ​learn about applying for a CCW permit, provide us with an anonymous crime tip, learn more about our agency, apply for employment with us, contact us, and more. Please use the sections above to navigate the website. Have an idea for our website? We would love to hear from you! Use ' Contact ' above! News The best place to find our current news is on our Facebook page which is updated regularly. Additionally, media releases can be found here . The Newton County Sheriff’s Office uses GovDeals.com for the liquidation of used surplus property, equipment, and unclaimed public property. Auctions will be listed on this website randomly throughout the year as needed. Persons who are interested in this should visit GovDeals.com to learn more. Employment Want to work for the Sheriff's Office? We might have a position for you! Check out our openings here . Newton County Sheriff's Office - 208 W. Coler, Neosho, Missouri 64850. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The information displayed on this page is subject to change without notice. Having an issue with a page? Contact the site manager . Home About Us Newton County Honor Roll Command Staff Patrol Investigations Support Staff & Records Employment Resources Annual Reports Media Reports Compliment a Deputy CCW Permits Services Newton County Sex Offenders Links Submit a Crime Tip Jail Contact