inmate Mail - Safe Henry Skip to content Inmate Mail services Back to Inmate Services Mail Services Inmates may only receive pre-stamped or metered postcards from the United States Post Office. The only exceptions are: Legal Mail Money Orders Photographs U.S. Postal Inspectors investigate any crime in which the U.S. Mail is used to further a scheme–whether it originated in the mail, by telephone, or on the Internet. The use of the U.S. Mail is what makes it mail fraud. If evidence of a postal violation exists, Postal Inspectors may prosecute or seek administrative action against the violator. Procedures for legal mail, money orders, and photographs are described below: Inmate mail should be addressed as follows: Inmate’s full name * required Inmate’s Pin Number Mail correspondence of a general nature will be inspected by staff members for contraband and randomly read for information that may constitute a threat to the safety or security of the facility. An inmate will be notified of any censorship or seizure of mail correspondence citing specific reason(s) for such action. Criminal Prosecution Incoming mail may be returned to sender, held in inmate’s personal property, or turned over to the District Attorney for criminal prosecution if: It violates legal or postal regulations It violates legal or postal regulations It contains information of escape plots, riots or other disorder, or plans to violate laws or rules It contains threats, extortion, or obscenity It contains code (gang signs etc.) It contains contraband It contains sexual content It contains lipstick It contains colored pictures or pictures containing crayon It contains paper with colored marker or highlighters It contains stickers or tape It contains watercolor or finger paintings It contains tattoo making materials It contains information that advocates or describes the killing of law enforcement personnel It contains plans to produce any explosive, incendiary or pyrotechnic device It contains writings that would inflame or contribute to tension between ethnic groups and threaten the safety, security, or order of the facility. Postcards Acceptable Postcards – NO LETTERS WILL BE ACCEPTED Stamps are not allowed; postcards must be metered or have a pre-printed stamp Minimum size requirements are 3.5 inches by 4.25 inches Maximum allowable postcard size is 4.25 inches by 6 inches Should be written in BLUE or BLACK INK ONLY Postcards must be white in color and are available at any United States Post Office Unacceptable Postcards No defaced or altered postcards No plastic or wrappings on postcard No postcards marked with paint, crayons, or marker No postcards with labels or stickers No postcards with watermarks or stains No postcards with any biohazards, including perfumes or lipstick No postcards depicting nudity, weapons, or gang references Postcards should not have affixed stamps Privileged/Legal Mail Privileged mail correspondence with legal counsel, the courts, government agencies and elected officials will be sealed by the inmate (outgoing) and opened only in the inmate’s presence and inspected for contraband (incoming). Privileged mail correspondence will not be read or censored by staff members. Money Orders Send a money order ( only money orders will be accepted ) to the jail using the following procedures: The envelope must be clearly marked with the following address: Henry County Sheriff’s Office ATTN: Inmate Accounts 120 Henry Parkway McDonough, GA 30253 THE INMATE NAME IS NOT TO BE ON THE ENVELOPE The money order will be made out to “The Henry County Sheriff’s Office” The inmate name and pin number will be written on the memo line No additional correspondence will be accepted with incoming inmate funds If additional contents are in the envelope, the entire package will be returned to sender Photographs Photographs ( NO POLAROID PICTURES ) Up to five photographs will be accepted per envelope The Photographs must be 4″ x 6″ or smaller, larger photos will not be accepted The envelope must be clearly marked “PICTURES” with Inmate’s name, pin number, and address of 505 Hampton Road, McDonough GA 30253 The inmate’s name and pin number must be written on the back of each photograph Photographs must be unaltered and may not contain any adhesives, such as stickers or labels Photographs must not depict sexual activity, visibly expose the breast, pubic area or buttocks, contain gang signs, codes, or promote or show illegal activity * Envelopes containing additional inmate correspondence will be returned to sender * Mail Periodicals Periodicals are not normally permitted for receipt by inmates due to the uncertainty of the amount of time you may be at our facility. Periodicals cannot be forwarded by this agency to a different location. If an inmate wishes to receive a periodical, he or she must submit an Inmate Request Form stating which periodical the inmate wishes to receive and obtain approval prior to an order being placed. Subscriptions must be paid for by the inmate’s family or friends. Since each issue of a periodical must be reviewed and all staples must be removed prior to being given to an inmate, the processing times for periodicals may be extended. Mail Publications Soft covered books may be purchased and sent directly from a publisher or bookstore. A limit of three (3) books, including puzzle books (purchased from our inmate commissary), may be in an inmate’s possession at one time. Should more books be received, they will be placed with the inmate’s property and can be exchanged; will be held for 15 days before being disposed of. Books that have been read may be turned-in to family members and additional books received. All publications received will be opened and inspected for contraband to ensure the safe and secure operation of the facility. Writing Supplies Writing supplies are available from the commissary. Supplies will be furnished free of charge to any inmate upon request if the inmate is declared indigent and will be issued once every fourteen (14) working days. NOTE : To be considered “indigent” your personal inmate account must show a balance of $0.00 for a period of two weeks prior to requesting postage and supplies. Furthermore, any funds received by you in the future would be deducted from any assistance provided while you were indigent. Packages Receiving packages and other acceptable items is done during the inmate’s normal mail distribution hours by an Inmate Relations Officer. Acceptable packages may contain soft covered books from a publisher or bookstore. All packages will be thoroughly inspected for contraband and any attempts to receive or cause to have delivered any contraband items will result in the banning of the person delivering the contraband and possible criminal prosecution of all parties involved. Outgoing Mail All outgoing mail must have a return address of the Henry County Jail or Henry County Jail Annex which states the name of the inmate who is sending the mail. Quick Access: Commendations_Complaints INMATE SEARCH SEX OFFENDER REGISTRY OPEN RECORDS TIP FORM (CRIME_DRUG)