Weber County Sheriff's Office Welcome to the Weber County Sheriff’s Office See Something. Say Something. Submit a Tip Apply Now File a Complaint Submit a Compliment Online Reporting (Non-Emergency) Autism Awareness Donate Sheriff's Foundation About the Weber County Sheriff’s Office The Weber County Sheriff’s Office is dedicated to serving the people of Weber County, Utah — protecting lives and property, upholding constitutional rights, and maintaining public trust. Mission To protect the lives and property of all people we serve, preserve constitutional rights, and foster a safe environment through professional, innovative, and compassionate law enforcement. Values Integrity: Honest, fair, and accountable. Initiative: Proactively preventing crime. Intelligence: Using training and innovation. Meet the Weber County Sheriff Weber County Sheriff, Ryan Arbon began his law enforcement career in 1997 after graduating from the Utah Police Academy and went on to serve in roles with the Weber County Sheriff’s Office, the State of Missouri, and Clearfield City. In 2016, he was appointed Chief of the Perry City Police Department, and in 2018, he was elected Sheriff of Weber County, where he continues to lead local law enforcement efforts. Learn More Headlines Found Property May 26 th , 2026 (PDF) Unclaimed Funds (PDF) Domestic Violence Awareness Campaign Flooding Information - Updated April 26, 2023 Utah Sheriff's Newsletter (PDF) Notice to All Bond Companies (PDF) Other Interests Business Contacts Information (PDF) Officer-Involved Shootings & Deaths (PDF) Critical Incident Protocol (PDF) Financial Crimes Packet (PDF) Traffic Accident Reports Ready Kids Hire an Off-Duty Deputy Records Request - GRAMA If you were involved in an incident with the Weber County Sheriff's Office or if you are interested in requesting a case report, DI-9 accident report, inmate record(s), etc., please submit that request electronically. Please also upload a copy of your valid driver's license or state or federal government-issued photo ID at the time of your request. For more information about GRAMA requests, our fee schedule, our processes, and/or our criteria please visit our Records Request page. If you are prepared to submit an electronic request as well as your valid ID please visit our NextRequest portal. GRAMA State Code Records Request NextRequest Traffic Accident Reports Copies of traffic accident reports are released in accordance with Utah State Traffic Code - UCA 41-6A-404. Accident reports can be released to an entity involved in the accident (excluding witnesses) or an agent of the involved individual. BuyCrash is an online platform for procuring accident reports. Traffic accident reports are $15 per copy in office. Donate to the Weber County Sheriff's Foundation DONATE The Weber County Sheriff's Foundation supports local law enforcement and community programs like Search and Rescue, K9, CERT, RAD, and Shop with a Hero. Your donations and purchases from our online store help fund training, equipment, and resources that keep Weber County safe. Every contribution makes a difference— thank you for supporting those who serve our community. Sheriff's Foundation Store Volunteer Volunteer Application (PDF) Chaplain (PDF) Community Survey on Public Safety Zero Tolerance - For Sexual Abuse and Sexual Harassment Right to Report If you, or someone you know, are experiencing sexual abuse or sexual harassment, Weber County Correctional Facility needs to know. We need you to report it right away! How to Report Weber County Correctional Facility offers multiple ways to report sexual abuse and sexual harassment. Reports can be made anonymously. Learn More (PDF) The R.A.D. System of Self-Defense We challenge society to evolve into an existence where violence is not an acceptable part of daily life. Learn More You will be notified by your local emergency response team in the event of emergency situations or critical community alerts. Examples include: evacuation notices, bio-terrorism alerts, boil water notices, and missing child reports. Sign Up Here Learn More Weber County Pre-Disaster Mitigation Plan Community Comment Share Your Comments