Sheriff's Office | Adams County, IN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Sheriff's Department Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Duties While most people recognize the Sheriff as the Chief Law Enforcement for the county, they would be surprised to know that the Office of Sheriff has a proud history that spans well over a 1,000 years, from the early Middle Ages until today. The Sheriff is a sworn law enforcement officer. Officers working for a Sheriff are called a Sheriff’s Deputy and are authorized to perform the Sheriff’s duties. In Indiana, the Sheriff and his deputies are sworn police officers with the powers to make arrest, perform criminal investigations, traffic patrol, investigate accidents, detaining prisoners in the county jail and transportation of prisoners. The Sheriff is also responsible for the collection of unpaid taxes as well as the selling of foreclosed homes and has a pivotal role in disaster preparedness. E-911 System & Jail The Adams County Sheriff Office operates the county wide E-911 system, as well as the multi-agency county wide dispatching center. The Sheriff Department also houses Inmates in the county jail and the Sheriff’s Work Release building. Indiana VINE System The Indiana VINE system is a service through which victims of crime can use the telephone or Internet to search for information regarding the custody status of their offender and to register to receive telephone and email notification when the offender’s custody status changes. The VINE toll-free number for the Indiana VINE system is 866-959-VINE (866-959-8463). This service is provided to assist victims of crime who have a right to know about their offender's custody status. ​Jail Information General Public Information Dan Mawhorr Sheriff Email Adams County Sheriff Department Email the Department 911 W Peacekeepers Way Decatur, IN 46733-0608 Phone: 260-724-5345 Fax: 260-724-5346 Emergencies: 911 Hours Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 4 p.m. Staff Directory Sex and Violent Offender Registry Indiana Department of Homeland Security National Sheriff Association Sex Offender Registration Sheriff Sales Victim Information and Notification (VINE) View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Important Files Elections Vision Plan Clerks Office Adams County Indiana Government 313 W. Jefferson Street Decatur, IN 46733 Phone: 260-724-5300 Employee Email Access County Council Procedures Food Recalls National Restaurant Association Food Handler's License /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow