GA Diagnostic Class Prison | Georgia Department of Corrections Skip to main content Header Utility Narrow Search this site Enter your keywords Popular searches Mission Statement Organization of the office History Meeting Requests Key Staff Duties of the Office Event Requests Contact Serves: Adult Male Felons and Close Security 2978 Hwy 36 West Prison Blvd Jackson , GA 30233 Primary (770) 504-2000 Fax (770) 504-2006 Mail to P.O. Box 3877 2978 Hwy 36, West Jackson , GA 30233 Additional Information GA Diagnostic Class Prison.jpeg CONSTRUCTED: 1968 CAPACITY: 2487 OPENED: 1968 SECURITY LEVEL: CLOSE/DEATH RENOVATED: 1998 VISITATION DAYS / HOURS: Diagnostic Offenders: Visitation Hours: 9:00am-1:00pm Visitation Days: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday Diagnostic offenders cannot receive visits until they have been at GDCP for 60 days. Only immediate family members are allowed to visit. Cancellation of family and professional visitation will occur the day before of an execution. If an execution is stayed, visitation will be canceled as long as an execution order is active. Professional visitation will be allowed for the condemned during an active execution order. UDS & SMU Inmates: Visitation Hours: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Visitation Days: Saturdays, Sundays, and State Holidays TIER III -STEP Program Offenders: Visitation Days: Wednesdays and Fridays Visitation Hours: 9:00am-11:00am, 11:00am-1:00pm, 1:00pm-3:00pm All visits for the offenders assigned to the STEP Program must be scheduled in advance. Please contact the facility for additional scheduling information. Additionally, cancellation of family and professional visitation will occur the day before of an execution. If an execution is stayed, visitation will be canceled as long as an execution order is active. Professional visitation will be allowed for the condemned during an active execution order. Regular General Population Offenders: (K-Building, UDS and SMU) : Visitation Hours: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Visitation Days: Saturday, Sunday, and State Holidays All Others: Visitation Hours: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Visitation Days: Saturdays, Sundays, and State Holidays MISSION: Ensure public safety and effectively house offenders while operating a safe and secure facility. Conduct diagnostic processing for male offenders, house offenders assigned to the 90-Day (S.T.E.P -Segregated Transition Educated Program), house offenders Under Death Sentence (UDS) and carry out state ordered executions. Houses a Special Management Unit (SMU) consisting of 192 beds. HOUSING: Consists of eight cellblocks containing both double-bunked and single-bunked cells. There are also seven dormitories, 256 general population inmates, medical unit, 17 bed S.T.E.P (Segregated Transition Education Unit). This facility also houses a C.E.R.T. Team, Tactical Squad, and a Fire Station WORK DETAILS: Fire Station, General & Grounds Maintenance, Waste Water, Power House, Canine, and Laundry details. PROGRAMS: Academic: General Education Diploma, Remedial, Literacy, Adult Basic Education, OJT Counseling: Individual and Group Counseling, Moral Reconation Therapy, Family Violence, Thinking for a Change, Lifers Group, Matrix Relapse Prevention, Matrix Recovery Skills, Re-Entry Skills Building, TOPPSTEP, AA, Problem Solving, Basic Computer Operations and a Career Center Recreation: General Recreation Religious Activities: Various Worship Services, Study Groups, Pastoral Counseling DIRECTIONS: Take I-75S toward Macon to Exit 201, Jackson/Barnesville. Exit and turn left, go over the bridge and travel approximately ? mile. Turn left at the second traffic light, you will see the entrance to the Diagnostic Center ahead on the left, a Wilco Travel Plaza and Hess fueling station on the right. Follow Prison Boulevard to the facility.