Sheriff's Office Back Enforcement Division Special Services Division Back Information Inmate Money Inmate Phone Accounts Visiting Guidelines Inmate Mail Inmate Packages Inmate Bonding Procedure Inmate Search Back Information When to Call 911 Emergency Notification System Back Hiring Information Deputy Sheriff Application Detention Application E911 and Admin Application Back Jail Tracker Victim Services For Veterans Sex Offender Registry Safety Tips Funeral Escort Request Hire an Off Duty Deputy Scrap Metal Permit LEAD Program Scroll Chester County Sheriff’s Office Sheriff Max Dorsey CHESTER COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE 2740 DAWSON DRIVE CHESTER, SC 29706 PHONE: (803) 581-5131 FAX: (803) 581-5552 EMERGENCY NUMBER: 911 NON-EMERGENCY NUMBER: (803) 385-5433 DETENTION CENTER: (803) 581-2602 Vision Our vision is to guarantee Chester County remains the safest and most enjoyable place to live and visit in the State of South Carolina. We are committed to holding the highest standards for law enforcement to achieve a county free of crime. Mission Our mission is to provide the citizens of Chester County effective and efficient public safety services. Ethical Principles Integrity – We are honest in everything we say and do and we maintain strong moral principles in our personal and professional lives. We will earn and maintain the trust of our citizens by being personally and professionally accountable to the highest ethical and moral standards. We will conduct ourselves above reproach, mindful of justice, with the courage to uphold these convictions. Honesty – Our personal and professional behavior will be a model for all to follow. Our actions will match our words. We will have the courage to stand up for our beliefs and do what is right. respect for others – We maintain care, compassion, and concern for the well-being of all people. fairness – We will maintain a standard of what is right and proper, free from self-interest, prejudice, discrimination, or favoritism. We will be consistent, objective, and just in all our actions. Loyalty – We are loyal to our oath to protect the Constitutional Rights of those we serve by empowering our employees to make decisions that support the letter and spirit of the law. Accountability – We are responsible for our actions. “All Chester County Sheriff’s Office personnel are required to avoid the mere appearance of wrongdoing and must confront and challenge any unethical behavior.” -Sheriff D. Max Dorsey, II Stay up to date on social media by following us at the links below POWERED BY SQUARESPACE