Decatur County Prison (DCCI) | Decatur County GA Decatur County Prison (DCCI) Warden Gordon Screen, Jr. Deputy Warden Anita Johnson Phone: (229) 248-3035 Located at 1153 Airport Road, Bainbridge, Ga. Link to Georgia Department of Corrections and Georgia Bureau of Investigation’s Sex Offender Registry Visitation Times: * 11:45 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays. * Exceptions to visiting hours may be made at the Warden’s discretion. Decatur County is compensated by the State of Georgia DOC at the rate of about $20 per day per inmate to feed, clothe and house them in Decatur County. There are currently more than 225 State inmates and inmates who have been sentenced through the State Court at the Decatur County Prison facility on Airport Road. Some of the inmates are used in guarded crews to provide labor or maintenance at various county buildings or job sites, like the landfill and along roadsides. Citizens, county employees and family members of Decatur County Prison inmates are strongly cautioned by the Warden about interacting with crew members performing services at these various sites within the community. Inmates are identifiable by their orange shirts and white pants with a blue strip running down the legs of the pants. Personal conversation, physical contact, providing private, unauthorized transportation, transacting/conducting business with an inmate, and/or being alone with an inmate is discouraged. The public is also directed to not provide members of inmate crews with any contraband, for example, cell phones or access to cell or regular phones, magazines or pictures, money, food or drink, cigarettes, alcohol, drugs or any other items. If a citizen sees an unsupervised inmate at large in the community, who is off of county property and unaccompanied by a blue uniformed Decatur County Prison Corrections Officer, call 911 immediately and report the incident and location of the inmate to Law Enforcement officials. The Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 Congress enacted the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (PREA) to address the problem of sexual abuse of persons in the custody of U.S. Correctional agencies. PREA call for federal, state, and local corrections systems to have a zero-tolerance policy regarding prison rape (as defined by PREA) in prisons, jails, police lock-ups, and other confinement facilities. The Act applies to all public and private institutions that house adult or juvenile offenders and to community-based correctional agencies. Decatur County Prison Zero Tolerance Policy Decatur County Prison mandates zero tolerance towards all forms of Sexual Abuse and Sexual Harassment in the facility. Decatur County Prison operates with the scope of Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (PREA) and the DOJ National Standards to Prevent, Detect and Respond to Prison Rape (Final Rule, Dated, June 2012) or Subpart A of the DHS Standards to Prevent, Detect and Respond to Sexual Abuse and Assault in Confinement Facilities (79 Fed. Reg. 13100 date March 7, 2014), Decatur County Prison will comply with these regulations as required. How-to-Report-Allegations-of-Sexual-Abuse-or-Sexual-Harassment-of-someone-in-Decatur-County-Prison (5) Employee-Visitor-Contractors-Reporting-Options Investigation All cases of alleged sexual conduct shall be promptly, thoroughly, and objectively investigated. Upon substantiation of any allegation of sexual conduct, appropriate disciplinary actions will be taken against the employee, contractor, volunteer, or individuals at Decatur County Prison. Those actions may include possible criminal prosecution. If the allegation potentially involves criminal behavior, Decatur County Prison will ensure that allegations of sexual abuse or sexual harassment are referred for investigation to an agency with the legal authority to conduct criminal investigations. Questions about Decatur County Prison’s PREA program Gordon Screen, Warden Anita Johnson, Deputy Warden Lillie Wilson, PREA Compliance Manager Chad Smith, Sergeant/ S.A.R.T. Leader Decatur County Prison 1153 Airport Road Bainbridge, GA 39817 screen.gordon@gdc.ga.gov (229) 248-3035 or (229) 248-3036 Documents and Resources Decatur County Prison PREA Audit Report July 6, 2021 11.53 PREA POLICY, 2018 11.53 PREA Investigations Policy DOJ PREA Final Standards DHS PREA Standards Decatur County Prison Certification Information Decatur County Prison PREA audit report 05-06-2016 Decatur County Prison PREA Audit Report 07- 28-2018 Decatur County Prison Survey of Sexual Victimization Conducted by The United State Department of Justice 2015 & 2016 Survey of Sexual Victimization Reports Annual Corrective Actions Report All requests for information that is not provided must be requested as an open records request. Some information will be redacted due to privacy act, safety and security. To return to the Department and Agencies page, click here . Search our site: Home County Commission Mission Statement Commissioners Staff Minutes Departments & Agencies Building and Planning Clerk of Court County Airport County Prison (DCCI) Development Auth. E911 Elections Office Emergency Management Agency EMS Fire and Rescue Human Resources Industrial Park Landfill Magistrate Court Probate Court Sheriff’s Office Tax Assessor Tax Commissioner Resources Area Map County News Report a Problem Employment Opportunities Related Links Contact Contact Information Decatur County, Georgia P.O. Box 726 Bainbridge, Georgia 39818 Phone: 1-229-248-3030 Fax: 1-229-246-2062