Sheriff | San Juan County, WA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Your Government Public Safety Sheriff Sheriff The mission of the San Juan County Sheriff's Office Protect the lives, rights, and property of all people through crime prevention and enforcement of the law with equity and dignity for all. The San Juan County Sheriff’s Office is committed to collaborating with fellow community members, partner agencies, and community organizations to create a safer environment for everyone. We are honored and proud to serve all members of our community with equity and dignity. The Sheriff’s Office is committed to the Principles of Procedural Justice: Voice - Ensure the community has an equal opportunity to be heard. Respect - All community members are treated with dignity and respect. Trust/Neutrality - The community perceives law enforcement as neutral and competent and their decisions as unbiased and accurate. Understanding - The community understands decisions including the reasons for those decisions. Helpfulness - The community perceives that law enforcement personnel have a genuine interest in their needs and personal well-being. The Sheriff’s Office supports the Constitution and Laws of the United States, the Constitution and Law of the State of Washington, and the Charter, laws and Ordinances of San Juan County. We will faithfully, diligently, and impartially perform these duties with empathy and compassion for all people. "I am honored by the trust the voters of San Juan County have placed in me, as the Sheriff of San Juan County. There are many issues that must be addressed and many new ideas for community engagement and collaboration. Thank you for the opportunity to serve you as our Sheriff and for your continued support of your Sheriff’s Office." - Eric Peter, Sheriff Sheriff’s Office Moves into New Substation on Lopez Island To cut down on costs, the County used a surplus, modular building from Island County and extra space at the County’s existing Public Works property along Fisherman Bay Road to site the new substation. Read on... Sheriff Peter Announces: "2026 will be my final year in law enforcement" "After careful consideration, I have made the difficult decision not to seek a second term. I’m deeply honored to have been elected to serve as Sheriff of San Juan County." Read on... San Juan County Sheriff's Office Statement: "Two Bills Affecting Voters and Sheriffs" San Juan County Sheriff Eric Peter released a statement about two current bills being reviewed by the Washington State legislature. Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Contact Us Sheriff's Office Physical Address 96 2nd Street Friday Harbor , WA 98250 Mailing Address P.O. Box 669 Friday Harbor , WA 98250 Phone: 360 378-4151 Directory Lopez Island Substation Physical Address: 2467 C Fisherman Bay Road, Lopez Island, WA 98261 Helpful Numbers The 911 emergency number— not the tip line — should be used to report a crime in progress or for an incident in which response from a deputy is needed. The number of the TIP LINE is (360) 370-7629, and messages left at that number go directly to a voice mailbox that will be checked each business day. The business number of the Sheriff’s office is 378-4151. San Juan County Emergency Alerts Sheriff's Office San Juan County Emergency Management View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Key Projects County Portal Public Records Health: 360-378-4474 Human Resources: 360-378-3450 Parks and Fair: 360-378-8420 Planning/Permits: 360-378-2354 Public Works: 360-370-0500 Sheriff's Office: 360-378-4151 Treasurer: 360-378-2171 County Home Page Accessibility Department Directory - Hours of Operation Staff Directory Copyright Notices Disclaimer Privacy Site Map /QuickLinks.aspx Where do I pay my taxes online? Where can I find department hours of operation? Is there a directory? Where do I submit a public records request? Where do I apply for a burn permit? Where do I view the Council agenda? Where do I view the County budget? Where do I sign up for County news flashes? /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow