Sheriff's Office - Platte County Nebraska Select Page Sheriff’s Office Platte County Sheriff’s Office 2610 14th Street Columbus, NE 68601 Phone: 402-564-3229 Fax: 402-564-1662 Emergency: Dial 911 Platte County Detention Facility 1125 E 17th Street Columbus, NE 68601 Phone: 402-563-4274 Fax: 402-563-4264 Emergency: Dial 911 Contact Sheriff's Office Your name Your email Subject Your message (optional) Submit Contact Detention Center Your name Your email Subject Your message (optional) Submit Links Accident Reporting Forms Application for Employment Center for Survivors Complaint Form COPS & Bobbers DHHS Child Abuse Info Free NARCAN How to File a Complaint with FTC Nebraska D.O.T. Nebraska Plow Tracker Nebraska State Patrol Sex Offender Registry Stop Overdose Nebraska STOP Program Victim’s Assistance-NEVCAP A Message from Sheriff Ed Wemhoff Welcome to the Platte County Sheriff’s Office website. We hope that the information provided here will help you learn more about our office and the wonderful community that we serve. Please feel free to send us your comments or questions. ​- Sheriff Ed Wemhoff Watch THE COUNTY SHERIFF presented by NACO Columbus/Platte County Area Crimestoppers 402-563-4000 Fraud Information Federal Trade Commission Report Identify Theft Protecting Kids Online Guard your personal information and wallet. Don’t fall for these coronavirus scams. Medicare Scams There is No cure for coronavirus Fake Test Kits Illegal Robo Calls Shopping Online Fake Charities Fake Emails & Texts What Is Human Trafficking? Human trafficking involves the use of force, fraud, or coercion to obtain some type of labor or commercial sex act. Every year, millions of men, women, and children are trafficked worldwide – including right here in the United States. It can happen in any community and victims can be any age, race, gender, or nationality. Traffickers might use violence, manipulation, or false promises of well-paying jobs or romantic relationships to lure victims into trafficking situations. ​ Language barriers, fear of their traffickers, and/or fear of law enforcement frequently keep victims from seeking help, making human trafficking a hidden crime. Traffickers use force, fraud, or coercion to lure their victims and force them into labor or commercial sexual exploitation. They look for people who are susceptible for a variety of reasons, including psychological or emotional vulnerability, economic hardship, lack of a social safety net, natural disasters, or political instability. The trauma caused by the traffickers can be so great that many may not identify themselves as victims or ask for help, even in highly public settings. Many myths and misconceptions exist. Recognizing key indicators of human trafficking is the first step in identifying victims and can help save a life . Not all indicators listed are present in every human trafficking situation, and the presence or absence of any of the indicators is not necessarily proof of human trafficking. The safety of the public as well as the victim is paramount. Do not attempt to confront a suspected trafficker directly or alert a victim to any suspicions. It is up to law enforcement to investigate suspected cases of human trafficking. Information obtained through the Department of Homeland Security . Platte County Ordinances #17-01 Engine Braking #17-02 Solicitors Courthouse Address 2610 14th Street Columbus, NE 68601 Hours 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Monday – Friday Other Privacy Policy Follow Follow