 Dutchess County Justice and Transition Center Skip to main content Language & Accessibility Options | Report a Website Accessibility Issue Select Language Accessibility Toggle navigation Menu Home Departments Dutchess County Justice and Transition Center Dutchess County Justice and Transition Center The Dutchess County Sheriff's Office Correction Division is committed to fulfilling the needs of the Dutchess County Sheriff's Office and the community at large by providing for the safe, secure, and humane housing of persons committed to its custody. In order to accomplish this mission, we shall: Maintain the safety and good order of the facility through the practice of a humane treatment philosophy that ensures that incarcerated individuals are not subject to unlawful discriminatory treatment based upon race, religion, nationality, sex, sexual orientation, age, or political beliefs. Comply with all federal and state laws and the NYS Minimum Standards for County Jails and Penitentiaries Design and implement cost effective and efficiently operated programs. Incorporate flexibility and adaptability in all operational designs. Implement and adhere consistently to new and innovative correction concepts. Provide appropriate organizational support programs and services. Colonel William T. Moore Superintendent Contact programoffice@dutchessny.gov 845-486-3900 845-486-3913 Dutchess County Justice and Transition Center 150 North Hamilton St. Poughkeepsie NY 12601 Admin. Office Hours Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 4:00pm A division of the Dutchess County Sheriff's Office For Incarcerated Individuals, Visitors and Families of Incarcerated Individuals Bail and Bonds Information about bail and bond General Visitation Rules General Visitation Rules Dress Code Facility Visit Schedule HALT Solitary Confinement View HALT Statistics Incarcerated Individual Correspondence Information about telephone access and incoming mail Incarcerated Individual Funds and Commissary Information on entering funds to an incarcerated individual’s commissary account Incarcerated Individual Search Visit the New York State Commission of Correction Incarcerated Individual Locator Property Drop-off and Pick-up Rules regarding incarcerated individual property Services and Programs Incarcerated Individual Mental Health Info about various mental health programs and services available through the Dept. of Behavioral & Community Health Incarcerated Individual Programs and R.E.S.T.A.R.T Dutchess County Jail offers many programs to prepare incarcerated individuals for their return into the community NAMI of Mid-Hudson Informational guide to navigate through the criminal justice system. Additional Information Career Opportunities Dutchess County Sheriff's Office F.O.I.L. Requests New York Sheriff's Victim Hotline Public Relations Sex Offender Registry HELPFUL LINKS Home Site Map Legal Statements Report a Website Accessibility Issue Contact Us AWARDS DUTCHESS COUNTY GOVERNMENT © Copyright 2003-2026 Dutchess County Government – OCIS