Corson County Sheriff's Office - McIntosh, SD Sign In Create Account My Account Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com My Account Sign out Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com Home Sheriff Dale The Deputies K-9 Unit/MJCET Activity Reports 24-7 Program Warrant List Concealed Weapons Permits Civilian Ride-Alongs Emergency Management State's Attorney Community Resources Employment Opportunities Citizen Feedback Employees Only Account My Account Sign out Sign In My Account aBOUT US The Corson County Sheriff's Office is led by Sheriff Alan D. Dale and consists of Sheriff Dale, and four full-time Deputy Sheriffs when the office is fully staffed. Current staff includes Sergeant/K-9 Handler Michael W. Varilek & K-9 Zigi and Deputies Isaac Sauder, Justin Tvedt, and Trista Vaughan. The Sheriff's Office is the primary law enforcement agency for the City of McLaughlin, SD, and currently maintains a jail/inmate housing contract with Meade County, SD. The mission of the Sheriff’s Office is to be responsive to the needs of the public, to uphold the law, and to protect the constitutional laws of each member of the community by promoting a climate of safety, security, and well-being amongst all persons, regardless of race, gender or religion, within our jurisdiction. Check us out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/CorsonCountySheriffsOffice SITE CONTENT Sheriff Alan D. Dale K-9 Unit & North Central SD Multi-Jurisdiction Criminal Enforcement Team (MJCET) Sheriff Alan D. Dale The Sheriff's Office is led by Sheriff Alan D. Dale. To learn more about Sheriff Dale, click the button below! Find out more The Deputies K-9 Unit & North Central SD Multi-Jurisdiction Criminal Enforcement Team (MJCET) Sheriff Alan D. Dale For more information on our deputies, click the button below! Find out more K-9 Unit & North Central SD Multi-Jurisdiction Criminal Enforcement Team (MJCET) K-9 Unit & North Central SD Multi-Jurisdiction Criminal Enforcement Team (MJCET) K-9 Unit & North Central SD Multi-Jurisdiction Criminal Enforcement Team (MJCET) Click the button below for more information on the K-9 Unit and the North Central South Dakota Multi-Jurisdiction Criminal Enforcement Team. Find out more Drug Abuse Resistance Education (DARE) Drug Abuse Resistance Education (DARE) K-9 Unit & North Central SD Multi-Jurisdiction Criminal Enforcement Team (MJCET) The 24-7 Program is available to criminal defendants in order to assist them in maintaining their sobriety throughout the duration of their court proceedings. Find out more 24-7 Sobriety Program Drug Abuse Resistance Education (DARE) Concealed Weapons Permits The 24-7 Program is available to criminal defendants in order to assist them in maintaining their sobriety throughout the duration of their court proceedings. Find out more Concealed Weapons Permits Drug Abuse Resistance Education (DARE) Concealed Weapons Permits In accordance with South Dakota Codified Laws, the Sheriff's Office is able to issue concealed weapons permits to qualifying individuals. Find out more Warrant List Emergency Management Activity Reports Check to see if someone you know is wanted and let us know where to find them! Find out more Activity Reports Emergency Management Activity Reports Click the button below to see what we've been up to lately! Find out more Emergency Management Emergency Management Emergency Management Want information on our Emergency Manager? Need resources relating to recovery from a natural disaster? Find out more State's Attorney Employment Opportunities Emergency Management The Corson County State's Attorney is Shane Penfield. For more information, click the button below. Find out more Civilian Ride-Alongs Employment Opportunities Employment Opportunities For information on how you can ride with a Deputy Sheriff during their shift, click the button below! Find out more Employment Opportunities Employment Opportunities Employment Opportunities Please visit this page for a list of current employment opportunities at the Corson County Sheriff's Office or to download an employment application! Learn More Community Resources Community Resources Community Resources Here, we've compiled a list of some commonly used resources in the community. Find out more Community Feedback Community Resources Community Resources Want to drop us a note and let us know how we're doing or do you wish to report an encounter with a member of the Sheriff's Office, positive or negative? Do it here! Find out more now available: online bond collection The Corson County Sheriff's Office is now partnering with All Paid using their GovPayNow system which allows us to accept major credit or debit cards for bond payments. Are you posting bond for a family member or friend? If so, click the button to the right to visit our online bond collection website! CLICK TO PAY BOND Contact Us DIAL 9-1-1 FOR EMERGENCIES! Main Office - 203 2nd Avenue East, McIntosh, SD 57641 Phone: (605) 273-4210 Fax: (605) 273-4533 Substation - 106 1st Avenue West, McLaughlin, SD 57642 Phone #: (605) 823-4444 Fax: (605) 823-4544 Those looking to speak to the Sheriff or a Deputy should contact the Sheriff's Office by phone, in advance, to ensure someone is in the office. For all routine inquires or to speak to the Sheriff or a Deputy by phone, call the main Sheriff's Office number 24/7 to reach our dispatch center. Drop us a line! Drop us a line! Name Email* This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Send Cancel Copyright © 2026 Corson County Sheriff's Office - McIntosh, SD - All Rights Reserved. Powered by This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept