Home - Posses of Sun City West Welcome To The Posses Of Sun City West Our lobby is now open: Monday thru Friday 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM Posses Office Phone: 623-584-5808 MCSO Non-emergency: 602-876-1011 If this is an emergency, call 911 immediately. Welcome and thank you for visiting us at the Posses of Sun City West website. Please take a moment and explore the links to our various Posse departments. See what services we provide our community. Our site allows you to interact with Posse departments on-line. This availability could save you a trip to our office. Through the links, you can sign up for Vacation Watch, update your information or see when the next Neighborhood Watch Program is scheduled. All information exchange is secure, available and easy to use. Should you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to email me at commander@scwposse.org. If you have an opportunity to stop by the Posse office, the Officer of the Day or I, the commander, will be happy to meet with you. It is important for us to have you share any thoughts or any concerns you might have. We are always happy to hear of a job well done or accept a contribution. All members of the Sun City West Posses are residents of Sun City West or Corte Bella. If you wish to join us, there is information below on membership and an application on the website. You will be glad you did. Again Welcome. Carolyn Patterson, Commander News & Events DON’T BE FOOLED! You might receive a donation request letter from organizations other than the Sun City West Posses. These letters will mention Sun City West and possibly the Sun City West Posse and/or the Sheriff’s Posse of Sun City West. These mailings are *not* from the Sun City West Posses. Any mailing from us will have our Sun City West return address of 20450 N Stardust Blvd and contain our Sun City West Posses letterhead. We have learned of a mailing not by the Sun City West Posses requesting donations for purchasing Sheriff’s vests with the Sun City West Posses receiving a portion of the donation. This *is not* from the Sun City West Posses and should be considered a scam! You also may receive a phone solicitation from someone “on behalf of the Sun City West Posses.” We *do not* enlist help from any outside organizations or people to solicit donations on behalf of the Sun City West Posses. We do send donation letters to our Sun City West residents that will be on our letterhead. If you are unsure if you are donating to your Sun City West Posses, please call (623.584.5808) or stop in our office to ensure the request is legitimate. Torch Educational Video Series Sun City West Posse MCSO: 602-876-1011 Open Meeting – The Posses of Sun City West hold their general meeting the 3 rd Tuesday of each month. The meeting starts at 9:30 AM at the Posse Building. The meeting is open to all Sun City West residents. The Sun City West Posses Need Your Help!!! The Posses of Sun City West are on the streets 365 days of the year to assist the residents of this community . Since its inception in 1979, the men and women of this community have stepped up and volunteered to serve in this organization. We need your help!!! Today, members are needed to perform the duties of Receptionist, Dispatcher, and Patrol. Members typically work 4-5 shifts per month in order to provide these services to the Sun City West community. We know you will find that we are community minded, friendly, and a fun group of people, serving our community. Sun City West is one of the safest places to reside in the United States. Visit our office located at 20450 Stardust Boulevard (across from the Kuentz Rec Center) or call 623-584-5808, to learn about opportunities to help us serve you. REGISTER Do we have your current Emergency Notification Card and key holder contact information on file at our office? Register Here DONATE The Sun City West Posse is 100% funded by your generous donations. The Posse does not receive any tax dollars. Donate Here VOLUNTEER Volunteers are needed for Patrol, Dispatcher and Staff. We invite you to come to our office to check us out. Volunteer Here It is important to know that the Posse works closely with the Maricopa County Sheriff’s Office but does not engage in law enforcement. That is left to Sheriff’s deputies. The Posse provides the day to day patrolling coverage and theft deterrent that comes from having our patrol cars on the street 5 am to midnight. In fact, beyond patrols, there are many other free services your Posse offers you. Hours: Mon. – Fri. 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM 623-584-5808 commander@spscw.net Posses of Sun City West 20450 N. Stardust Blvd. Sun City West, AZ 85375 Scroll to top Scroll to top Scroll to top