Jail | Nicollet County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Your Government Criminal Justice Services Sheriff's Office Jail Jail About the Jail The Nicollet County Jail was built in 1984. It was designed to hold 28 men, women, and juveniles. Due to a steady increase in number of inmates the facility has since added 6 beds and now houses up to 34 inmates. They house both male and female, sentenced and sentence pending, work release and straight time offenders. Nicollet County and the Nicollet County Sheriff ensure that deaf and hard-of-hearing people have full and equal enjoyment of its service, privileges, facilities, advantages, and accommodations, and it will provide auxiliary aids and services to ensure effective communication with these individuals. Sign language and oral interpreters, TTYs, and other services are available to deaf and hard-of-hearing detainees. Ask us for help or contact the Deaf-and-Hard-of-Hearing Coordinator for the Sheriff’s Department. Reporting to the Jail Items you should not bring: (This list is not all inclusive) Books and Magazines The jail has a library with books, magazines, and newspapers. Inmates are allowed access to the library once per day. Cell phones You will not be allowed access to your cell phone. If you need a phone number from your phone write it down prior to reporting to jail Jewelry All jewelry will be removed and stored until your release. The jail assumes no responsibility for the loss of any jewelry. Phone Cards The jail utilizes the Reliance Phone System and only phone cards purchased from Reliance will work on the system. Phone cards may be purchased through the Jail or over the internet When reporting to jail you should bring the following: $25 to pay your booking fee Additional money if you choose to purchase phone cards or other items from commissary Any current prescription medications you are taking, in their original containers Up to 7 pair of socks, underwear, and 2 bras (no underwires) Your court sentencing order You are expected to report at the time listed on your sentencing order. If you have misplaced your order you may contact Court Administration at 507-934-7838 You are expected to report to jail on time and not under the influence of drugs or alcohol. If you fail to report on time or if you are under the influence, court will be notified for possible charges and work release privileges will be revoked Inmate Mail Mail for inmates will only be accepted through the U.S. Mail and should be addressed as: Inmate Name Nicollet County Jail P.O. Box 117 St. Peter, MN 56082 All mail, both incoming and outgoing will be inspected. Legal mail will only be opened in the presence of the inmate. Money orders or cashier checks made payable to the inmate will be accepted. The jail is not responsible for any cash that is sent through the mail. Inmate Phone System Inmates may purchase phone time from their cell or phone time may be purchased for them by family and/or friends at Reliance Telephone . Phone calls are subject to monitoring and recording. The jail does not accept incoming phone calls for inmates unless it is an emergency. (Must be verified) The jail utilizes the Reliance Telephone System. This system uses either collect calls or purchased phone time. To leave a message for an inmate to call you collect dial 507-262-1022. To receive collect calls from the county jail you can set up a direct account at 800-896-3201 or at Reliance Telephone . Visiting Rules All personal visits are non-contact. Anyone who has been incarcerated in the Nicollet County Jail in the prior 60 days will not be allowed to visit. Children are not allowed to be left alone in the lobby while visiting. If a disturbance (fighting, yelling etc.) occurs during a visit, the visit will be terminated immediately. If children that are visiting become loud or run around, they and the accompanying adult will be asked to leave. Inmates may not have more than 2 visiting sessions per day. No eating or drinking is allowed in the visiting area. No one under the age of 18 is allowed to visit unless accompanied by their parent or legal guardian. No person under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol will be allowed to visit. The Nicollet County Jail reserves the right to refuse visits to any person. Visiting sessions are subject to monitoring and recording. Visitors are only allowed to visit an inmate once per day. Visitors must provide a valid picture ID in order to visit. Visitors must wear appropriate attire. Visits are limited to thirty minutes. Visits with attorneys and clergy (must have appropriate credentials) are not time restricted. Tuesday 6 - 7:30 p.m. Thursday 8 - 11 a.m. Saturday 1 - 4:30 p.m. Contact Us Jason Wech Jail Administrator Email Jason Wech More Information Sheriff's Office Physical Address 501 S. Minnesota Avenue P.O. Box 117 St. Peter , MN 56082 Phone: 507-934-7100 Fax: 507-934-7169 Emergency Phone: 911 After Hours Phone: 507-934-7100 TIPLine Administration Hours Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Civil Process Hours Monday - Friday 7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. Jail and Dispatch Center Hours 24/7 Directory Deposit Money for an Inmate Account List of Current Inmates View All /QuickLinks.aspx jail View inmate roster Property info Search location & taxes Directory Search Contacts online payments Pay your bill online Nicollet County Government Center 501 S Minnesota Avenue St. Peter, MN 56082 Nicollet County Organizational Chart (PDF) Nicollet County Vision, Mission and Core Values (PDF) /QuickLinks.aspx Home Employee Login Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow