Sheriff | Buffalo County, NE skip to main content Close Menu Buffalo County Sheriff What to Know Entering the Detention Center View the PDF at the link below to see a map and directions for entering the Detention Center at the Buffalo County Courthouse. Detention Center Map Office Services Sheriff A Child is Missing Information Hire an Off Duty Officer Crimestoppers Public Safety Scanner Feed Police to Citizen (P2C) Schedule a Jail Visit Department Forms Flock Safety System Sheriff Sales Join Our Team! Sheriff's Office Info Department Structure The Buffalo County Sheriff's Office is organized into two divisions, Operations and Support Services, under the direction of the Sheriff who is elected for a four-year term. The Operations Division consists of Civil Process, Warrant Section, Investigative Section, and Patrol Section, and is currently managed by a Captain. The Support Services Section consists of the Sheriff's Staff Section, Community Services Section, Training Section, Communications Section, and Detention Center Section, and is currently managed by the Chief Deputy. Daniel J. Schleusener is the Chief Deputy Sheriff and Robert C. Anderson is Captain . Neil Miller Sheriff PO Box 1270 Kearney, NE 68848 308.236.8555 308.233.5246 sheriff@buffalocounty.ne.gov Monday - Friday, 8:00am to 5:00pm 2025 Avenue A Kearney, NE Current Sheriff Mission Statement The mission of the Buffalo County Sheriff's Department is to enhance the quality of life in our county by working cooperatively with the public and within the framework of the U.S. Constitution to enforce the law, preserve the peace, reduce fear and provide for a safe environment for all of our citizens Civilian Fingerprinting Civilian fingerprinting is available by Buffalo County Sheriff's Office by appointment only Call 308.236.1804 to schedule an appointment, Monday-Friday, 8:30-11:00am and 1:00-4:00pm. Fee is $20. Do not come if experiencing any symptoms that include: Fever of above 100°F Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing BCSO & KPD Responsibilities & Jurisdictions A unique joint venture with the Buffalo County Sheriff's Office and the Kearney Police Department was formed in July 1993 when both agencies co-located to a remodeled building in downtown Kearney. By sharing resources, both agencies save taxpayers' money as well as establishing a good working relationship between the agencies and their employees. The Sheriff's office oversees the dispatch duties and answers 911 calls for officers of both agencies. The Police Department oversees the records and data processing functions for both agencies. The Buffalo County Sheriff's Office responds to calls that occur in the county (outside of Kearney city limits). The Kearney Police Department responds to calls that occur within the city limits. Both agencies assist each other as needed as well as working with law enforcement officers from other local jurisdictions in Buffalo County, Public Safety at the University of Nebraska at Kearney, and the Nebraska State Patrol. Follow us on Facebook Join Our Team 2025 PREA Audit 2025 PREA Annual Report