Contact an Inmate PAGE | New GCSO Site top of page ATTENTION! Bags, purses, or satchels, etc., are prohibited inside the Gwinnett County Jail. Contact an Inmate Inmates rely on support from their family and friends while in custody. Family and friends may contact an inmate through video services or mail. Inmates may also contact you through our phone services. ​ ​ Mail Policy All incoming mail with the exception of legal correspondence, religious mail, packages and money orders must be mailed to the central mail processing facility addressed to: JailATM.com – Gwinnett County Jail Inmate Name/ Inmate ID# 925B Peachtree St. NE Box 2062 Atlanta, GA 30309 All incoming mail to inmates, with the exception of legal correspondence must be a postcard. Postcards are to be at least 3.5 × 4.25 inches and no larger than 4.25 × 6 inches, written in black or blue ink or pencil. Postcards must have the sender's name and a complete return address. Postcards can be plain or pictured. Unacceptable Mail Unacceptable mail received at the Gwinnett County Jail will be returned to the post office. Unacceptable mail received at the Central Mail Processing Facility will be rejected via the central mail system and destroyed. Types of unacceptable mail include but are not limited to: Defaced or altered postcards Mail containing plastic wrapping Mail marked with paint, magic markers, or crayons Mail with stickers or labels including address labels Mail with watermarks or stained in any manner Mail with any biohazards, including lipstick and perfumes Mail depicting weapons or gang references Mail containing sexually explicit content or nudity Mail containing swimwear, lingerie, or any inappropriate clothing Oversized postcards Mail written in code or containing drawings All rejected scanned mail will be electronically stored for investigative purposes. Non-Local Newspapers, Magazines, and Books Effective May 4, 2026, the Gwinnett County Sheriff’s Office will no longer accept books for inmates that are delivered through Amazon. To ensure compliance with facility guidelines and streamline the intake process, all books must be purchased through SureShot Books Publishing LLC or other approved vendors. Magazines/non-local newspaper subscriptions will be accepted as long as they are mailed directly from the publisher or authorized retailer. *We DO NOT accept packages from eBay or Amazon independent sellers. All packages received for inmates by US mail or UPS containing books, newspapers, or magazines must be PRE-PAID. They must have a packing slip or receipt stating what is in the package. Any packages that do not have these slips or contain contraband items will be returned at the sender’s expense. Books and magazines must not exceed 8 x 11 inches in size, four pounds in weight, and must not exceed a quantity of four books and/or magazines in one shipment. Prohibited Content and Appeals ​ ​ ​Publications that contain jail prohibited content will be confiscated and will not be distributed to inmates. These publications will be returned to the publisher or retailer. If an item (e.g., letter, postcard, newspaper) or package received at the Gwinnett County Jail is not accepted, the rejected material will be returned to the sender or, if there is no return address, back to the post office. Unacceptable mail received at the Central Mail Processing Facility will be rejected via the central mail processing system and destroyed. Appeals The author/sender can appeal the decision to not accept an item to the mailroom supervisor 770.619.6594 within 30 days of receipt of the returned item. If a package is not accepted the sender can appeal the decision to not accept the package to the Inmate Services supervisor at 770.822.3925 within 30 days of receipt of the returned package. Appeals received after 30 days will not be considered. The mailroom supervisor and the Inmate Services supervisor cannot make the initial decision to not accept an item or package. They will only hear appeals of the initial decision. The sender of a rejected item or package received at the Gwinnett County Jail will be notified of his/her right to appeal by the use of a sticker affixed to the returned item or package or a letter of notification. The sticker or letter will notify the sender of the reason the item or package was returned, and inform the sender that he/she can call the applicable number listed above, or visit the Sheriff’s Office website, to appeal the decision. Address for Inmate Mail Legal correspondence, religious mail and packages should be mail to: Gwinnett County Jail Inmate Name / Inmate ID# 2900 University Parkway Lawrenceville, Georgia 30043 Inmate Postcards should be mailed to: JailATM.com - Gwinnett County Jail Inmate Name / Inmate ID# 925B Peachtree Street, NW P.O. Box 2062 Atlanta, GA 30309 Contact Directory SECURUS Technologies® Phone Services and Video Visitation The Gwinnett County Sheriff's Office utilizes Securus Technologies® services as a vendor. ​ Securus Video Connect®, is a fully web-based visual communication system that allows friends, family members, attorneys, and public officials to schedule and participate in video sessions with an incarcerated individual – from anywhere with internet access using the free Securus app, computer or tablet. Learn More Start Services bottom of page