Inmate Mail | Carteret County, NC - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Departments I - Z Sheriff's Office Divisions Detention Center Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Effective April 4, 2022, PERSONAL mail for inmates will no longer be accepted at the Carteret County Detention Center in order to curb the introduction of contraband into the facilities and maintain the safety of all inmates and staff. PROFESSIONAL/LEGAL MAIL will still be accepted at the detention center. It must be labeled as Legal Mail and come from the inmate's attorney of record, a State's attorney or the courts. All general correspondence must be sent to the Sheriff's Office third-party mail vendor, PayTel Communications at the following address: Carteret County Detention Center Inmate Name/Inmate Number, Facility ID* PO Box 18247 Greensboro, NC 27419 The envelope must include the Facility Name, Inmate Name, Inmate ID number, and the Facility ID or the mail will NOT be scanned. *The Facility ID for the Carteret County Detention Center, NC is 5026. Pay Tel Communications cannot process any materials that are bound or open like a book and will reject such materials. Upon arrival at Pay Tel Communications, the mail will be opened and scanned into an electronic document to be screened and approved. Upon approval, the electronic mail will be forwarded to the inmate's electronic account. Processing Center Requirements and Restrictions: NO cash, personal checks, or money orders mailed to the mail processing center. Mail must be 10 pages or less per envelope. Page size must be no larger than 8.5” x 11”. Mail can include written or typed pages, photos, drawings or greeting cards (NO Polaroid photos.) NO glitter, glue, tape, 3D elements, or electronic components (lights, music, animation). NO items containing, depicting, or relating to sexually explicit activity, gang activity, illegal activity, violence, drug, or alcohol use, etc. NO photos of nude or partially clothed persons. NO illegal substances or any other items considered to be contraband. NO magazines, books, or packages mailed to mail processing center, NO publications of any kind. NO original photos or important documents such as Birth Certificates, Driver’s Licenses, Social Security Cards, Green Cards, etc., as they will not be returned. Facility Scanned Mail Requirements and Restrictions: Threats of physical harm against persons or threats of criminal activity. Threats of blackmail or extortion. Plans for escape. Plans for activities in violation of facility rules. Letters written in code. Gang symbols and colors are prohibited. Envelopes may not be decorated with hand-drawn art. Information, which if communicated, would create a clear and present danger of violence and physical harm to a human being. Photographs, drawings, or cartoons displaying nudity or sexually graphic content or sexually explicit reading material. Mail meeting these requirements will be scanned and can be accessed by the inmate via the inmate tablet. Physical mail will be destroyed. All scanned mail containing materials considered illegal or breaches of security will be turned over to the proper authorities for investigation. Any threats of criminal activity will not be permitted in any correspondence and may result in criminal charges. Scanned Mail After Release: After release, an inmate can request digital copies of his or her scanned mail. Inmates must request by email , and include the following: Carteret County Detention Center, Facility ID Inmate's Full Name Inmate's ID Number Email Address Once the information is verified, an email with a link to download the postal scans will be sent to the email address provided. Facility Mail Policies: Rules for items that can be sent directly to facility: No hard cover books will be accepted. No more than two paperback books will be received, and they can be no larger than 6” x 9” x 2”. Items from individual persons or walk-in bookstores will be returned to the sender. Any book or material that contains obscene pictures, sexual content, racist, “hate” materials, incites violence, or that otherwise compromises the safety, security or proper order of this facility will be confiscated and/or returned to the sender. DO NOT SEND CASH OR PERSONAL CHECKS. Religious material must come from publishers or religious organizations. Legal Mail / Privileged Mail / Money Orders: Do not mail legal/privileged mail or money orders to the mail processing center. Legal mail must be mailed directly to the facility . Legal mail must be marked on the envelope as "Legal Mail" and opened by jail staff in the presence of the inmate. Address legal mail as follows: Carteret County Detention Center Inmate Name, Inmate ID Number, Facility ID PO Box 239 Beaufort, NC 28516 Money Orders & Certified Checks: The Carteret County Detention Center accepts money orders and certified checks sent directly to the jail. The envelope must only include the money order or certified check. The fastest way to communicate with an inmate is by phone or messaging. The inmate communications provider is Pay Tel Communications. To set up an account with Pay Tel, visit their website or call 1-800-PAY-TELL. News Releases Concealed Carry Permit Substance Abuse & Addiction Help 304 Craven Street Beaufort, NC 28516 Phone: 252-728-8400 Fax: 252-504-4818 Social Media Carteret County Government North Carolina Court System North Carolina Department of Justice North Carolina Sheriff's Association CodeRED Emergency Alerts More /QuickLinks.aspx Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Government Websites by CivicPlus® /QuickLinks.aspx Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow