Official Site of Cache County, Utah - Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office SCAM ALERT : The Cache County Sheriff's Office has received numerous reports from residents regarding phone calls from individuals pretending to represent the Sheriff's Office. These scammers demand payment from victims, claiming that if they do not pay, a warrant will be issued and they will be arrested. Please be aware that these calls are NOT from the Cache County Sheriff's Office. You should never provide the caller with personal information, credit card numbers, pre-paid card information, or money. The Sheriff's Office will never request payment over the phone for a warrant, and we will never ask for gift cards as payment to resolve any obligations. If you receive a suspicious phone call or wish to verify if you have a warrant, please contact the Cache County Sheriff's Office at (435) 755-1000. Careers Deputy Recruitment Announcement, We will be conducting our next entry-level deputy test on Saturday, March 28, 2026. Applications for this testing cycle will open on Saturday, February 1, 2026. Testing is by application and invitation only. Go Animal Services Cache County Sheriff's Animal Services mission is to provide and promote the most caring and humane treatment for animals Go Compliments & Complaints The Cache County Sheriff's Office is committed to providing the best service possible to the community. There are times that our employees, policy and procedures are stellar but, unfortunately, there may be situations in which individuals feel that actions taken by an employee or Sheriff's Office policy and procedure were inappropriate. In either situation, the individual(s) involved may want to file a compliment or a complaint with the office. Go Make Payment Payments can be made here for all payments to the Sheriff's Office Go Jail Division It is the mission of the Cache County Jail to provide inmate housing while upholding the values and ethics of the Cache County Sheriff’s Office. Go 917 hits General Information Find answers to your most pertinent questions regarding the Cache County Sheriff's Office Go 330 hits