Sheriff - Owyhee County Idaho Follow Search for: Sheriff The Owyhee County Sheriff’s Office Mission Statement The mission of the Owyhee County Sheriff’s Office is to to maintain the quality of life of our citizens through safeguarding individual liberties and Constitutional rights, building community partnerships through transparency and education, crime prevention, and resolving crimes that occur. As an organization, we are dedicated to achieving our vision through responsive and innovative leadership that is both transparent and accountable to the community. We are committed to this mission and conduct our responsibilities toward a goal of excellence and with dedication to the community we serve. The Owyhee County Sheriff’s Office currently employs 14 full time and 2 part time patrol deputies. Because of their varied duties, each deputy is required to be trained for many different job requirements. Each patrol deputy must complete the 14 week POST Basic Patrol Academy. In addition they are required to complete a 12 week FTO training period, complete 40 hours per year of additional training and numerous other training and certification courses. The county is divided into two basic areas -West and East. The West is comprised of the towns of Marsing and Homedale to Murphy. The East end is comprised of the Grand View and Bruneau areas to Riddle and the Three Creek area. The two part time deputies are Marine Deputies and Back Country. Along with the POST Basic Patrol Academy they must also be certified at the POST Marine Deputy Academy. The Sheriff’s Office employs a back country deputy who is responsible for patrolling the remote areas of Owyhee County. The Sheriff’s Office also employs and administrative secretary whose duties also include the Civil Division, one Patrol Sergeant, one Investigative Sergeant, and a Chief Deputy whose responsibility is to act for the Sheriff if the Sheriff is unavailable working other issues.  Sheriffs Ride Along Release of Liability Form  Walk-In Crash Report Owyhee County Dispatch Center Owyhee County 9-1-1 Dispatch center is staffed 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year by dedicated, well trained and professional dispatchers. They are a wonderful group of people who work diligently to provide the very best assistance in crisis situations. Combined with upgraded systems and equipment, they are able to help in virtually any emergency. Substance Abuse Prevention Education Parent’s Guide to Fentanyl This comprehensive guide equips parents with valuable information, including tips, warning signs, and helpful videos/articles. It empowers parents to protect their children from the dangers of fentanyl and make informed decisions regarding substance use. Learn More Protecting Children From Online Drug Dealers This resource provides essential tools to safeguard children, including the “Emoji code” to identify online drug dealing, insights into the dark web, and other online safety measures. Learn More The Original Posse Sheriff's Office Sheriff Larry Kendrick Chief Deputy Steve Crawford Sergeant James Vincent Jail Administrator Patrol Administrator Sergeant​ Kenneth Hoagland Mailing Address P.O. Box 128 Murphy, ID 83650 Office Location 20381 State Highway 78 Murphy, ID 83650 Phone 208-495-1154 911 Coordinator Paula Rhodes prhodes@co.owyhee.id.us Follow Follow Front Counter Hours for Records, Civil and Concealed Weapons Monday thru Friday 8:00am-4:00pm