Lucas County Sheriff’s Office Skip to main content Search Text Search Text Quick Links Concealed Carry Permits Learn More Registered Sex Offenders Search Now Corrections Center Learn More Booking Summary View Summary Police Reports Easily File Police Reports Online Using the Citizen Online Police Report System (COPRS), you can immediately submit a police report for review by the Sheriff’s Office. File Police Report Learn More Don’t Miss Out Meet the Sheriff Michael Navarre Sheriff Michael J. Navarre has been in law enforcement for more than 40 years. He began his career with the Toledo Police Department in 1977, working his way through the ranks before ultimately serving as chief of police for 13 years. While with the Toledo Police Department, Sheriff Navarre was named the Toledo Police Command Officer of the Year in 1987. He also received the Medal of Valor in 1987 and the Professional Service Award in 1998. After retiring from the Toledo Police Department, he was named chief of police for the Oregon Police Division, a position he held for nine years. On Jan. 4, 2021, Sheriff Navarre began his elected term as sheriff of Lucas County. Learn More Contact Sheriff Navarre Our Mission Our Purpose. For You. We serve and protect the citizens and visitors of Lucas County by providing a safe environment, enforcing the laws, and preserving the peace. We are dedicated to providing professional law enforcement, detention, and court security services, and holding ourselves to the highest standards of performance and ethics. A Promising Career See What We Have to Offer The Lucas County Sheriff’s Office is always on the lookout for determined men and women to serve as corrections officers and nurses. RECORDS CLERK Learn More Lucas County Sheriff's Office Internship Program Learn More LCSO Citizens Police Academy Learn More Quick Contact IN AN EMERGENCY CALL 9-1-1 9-1-1 Non-Emergency Deputy Response 419-255-8443 Corrections Division 419-213-4945 © 2026 Lucas County Sheriff’s Office. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Webmaster Disclaimer