Sheriff | Natrona County, WY Skip to Main Content Search Warrant Search Ticket Payments Emergency Management Employment Message from the Sheriff To the citizens of Natrona County, Welcome to the Natrona County Sheriff's Office website. The men and women of this office are committed to serving the citizens of Natrona County with professionalism and pride. I am honored to lead our deputies and civilian staff as they work each day to preserve the peace of our county and provide dependable, community-focused service to the people who live, work, and visit here. As your elected Sheriff, I remain committed to upholding the highest standards of professional and constitutional law enforcement, carrying forward the tradition of service to the citizens of Natrona County with integrity and dedication. Our office is here to serve you. We encourage you to stay informed, stay connected, and contact us whenever we can assist. Thank you for taking the time to visit, and please stay safe. Sheriff John Harlin Natrona County Sheriff's Office Sheriff John Harlin began his law enforcement career in 1997 following his service in the United States Marine Corps. Over the course of more than two decades with the Natrona County Sheriff's Office, he has served in a variety of leadership and operational roles dedicated to protecting and serving the citizens of Natrona County. On August 2, 2021, Sheriff Harlin was appointed and sworn in as the 24th Sheriff of Natrona County. He was later elected by the citizens of Natrona County and officially took office on January 2, 2023. Throughout his career, Sheriff Harlin has served in numerous assignments, including Detention Officer, Patrol Deputy, Patrol Supervisor, Division Sergeant, Emergency Management Coordinator, Operations Division Lieutenant, and Undersheriff. His specialized experience includes more than two decades with the Special Response Team, fourteen years as a Bomb Technician, and eleven years as a Search and Rescue Coordinator. View Pay Request Connect View 2026 Primary Candidates (PDF) Vehicle Licensing Agendas & Minutes County Budget Public Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Pay Online Property Tax Payments Traffic Tickets Vehicle Registration Renewal /QuickLinks.aspx Request Public Records Building Permits & Applications Planning & Zoning Applications Vehicle Title /QuickLinks.aspx Connect Register for AlertSense alerts Register for Email Notifications Contact a Natrona County Department Report a Concern /QuickLinks.aspx 201 N David Second Floor Casper, WY 82601 P: 307-235-9282 Staff Directory Website Feedback Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Employee Benefits /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow