Williamsburg-James City Sheriff's Office | James City County, VA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Elected & Appointed Officials Sheriff Williamsburg-James City Sheriff's Office About the Sheriff’s Office The Williamsburg-James City County Sheriff’s Office strives to provide the highest levels of service, security and professionalism to more than 87,000 residents of our historic community. The Sheriff’s Office is composed of 14 full-time and 5 part-time/on-call deputies, the Sheriff and 1 administrative assistant. The Office is divided administratively into 3 divisions: Civil Process Courts Control/Security Civil Process The Civil Process division executes official delivery of court/civil documents to individuals and businesses involved in criminal and civil cases. Civil Process is also responsible for evictions, bank and tax levies. Contact us via email . Courts Courts are secured by deputies or bailiffs tasked with ensuring the safety of the Judge and the public, as well as enforcing court room protocol, executing arrest warrants and facilitating the efficient flow of legal documents. Contact us via email . Control/Security Control/Security deputies are responsible for the general security of the courthouse, screening visitors and maintaining custody of incarcerated individuals and others until they are remanded to jail or police custody. Individuals arrested within the jurisdiction of the City of Williamsburg or James City County are held at the Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail . Contact us via email . Other Services Fingerprinting and Notary Public services are available as a public service to the community. City of Williamsburg Police Department Concealed Handgun Permit Information Crime information FBI's Top Ten Most Wanted James City County Police Department National Sheriff's Association Project Child Safe Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail Virginia Sheriff's Association Virginia State Police Virginia State Police Sex Offender Registry Mission Statement We, the professional men and women of the Williamsburg-James City County Sheriff’s Office, are empowered to defend the Constitution of the United States and the Commonwealth of Virginia. We will fairly and diligently work to provide the most effective and efficient delivery of services in the areas of court security, service of civil process and execution of lawful orders of the court. We will interact with court personnel, city officials and other law enforcement agencies to ensure a safe and secure court services environment for our citizens. "Together we will make a difference." Integrity We serve the citizens of the City of Williamsburg and James City County with the highest moral and ethical standards. Honesty and moral courage guide us in our relations with all people. We take pride in all we do. Fairness We treat each other and the citizens of our city and county with respect in a consistent manner. Caring We listen compassionately and act with respect, sincerity and courtesy when interacting with each other and the citizens of our city and county. We are firm in our convictions in upholding the laws, while treating others as we would want to be treated. Teamwork We work in a partnership with court personnel, city and county officials, other law enforcement agencies and the citizens of the City of Williamsburg and James City County to gain mutual respect and appreciation for one another. Together we will provide responsive, efficient and quality service through cooperation, problem solving and accountability. Contact Us David Hardin Sheriff Email David Hardin Sheriff's Office Physical Address View Map 5201 Monticello Avenue Suite 5 Williamsburg , VA 23188 5201 Monticello Avenue Suite 5 Williamsburg VA 23188 Directions Phone 757-564-2220 Fax 757-564-2229 Emergency Phone 911 Hours Monday - Friday 7:30 a.m. - 4 p.m. Directory Pay Taxes/Bills Online Employment Notify Me® James City County Government Center 101 Mounts Bay Road Williamsburg, VA 23185 Where can I find the budget? How do I make a payment online? How do I apply for a job? What do I do with recyclables? How do I dispose of trash? How do I submit a FOIA request? Where can I learn about the County's Strategic Plan? How do I report a problem with the website? /FAQ.aspx Home Site Map Employee Portal Privacy Policy Accessibility Copyright Notices Manage Subscriptions /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow