Mail, Funds, Phone & Property - Worcester County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Close Search Visitors Inmate Look-up Visitation Mail, Funds, Phone & Property AccessCorrections Secure Mail Posting Bail Services Civil Process Inmate Rehabilitation Programs Educational Programs Substance Abuse Treatment Opportunity Program (S.T.O.P.) Re-Entry/Reintegration Community Outreach Community Justice Support Center Careers Who We Are Job Benefits Job Openings Correctional Officer Academy About Resources Media & Press Releases Bid Notices Public Records Requests PREA & Documents Victim Services Resources Contact Reserve Deputy Sheriff Mail, Funds, Phone & Property Carefully review guidelines for sending mail, providing funds, picking up property, and dropping off court clothes. Mail received that does not conform to policy will be returned to sender or sent to Special Services, even if a money order is enclosed. Mail Funds Phone Property Sending Mail to Inmates In order to send a letter to an individual at the facility, please address the envelope to the address below and be sure to include the individual’s name and their MSA#. Individual’s Name Inmate MSA# Worcester County Jail & House of Corrections 5 Paul X. Tivnan Dr. West Boylston, MA 01583 Incoming mail must meet the following criteria: The correspondence must be written in black ink or blue ink or non-colored pencil. The paper that the letter is written on must be white-lined paper, free of stains, spills, or discolorations. Envelopes must be pure white only. Except for stamps (that will be removed by Mail Room staff), envelopes must be free from all stickers, address labels, tape, or other adhesives. The address and return address must be written or typed directly on the envelope. Drawings must be in blue or black ink or non-colored pencil. Greeting cards and photos must not be multi-layered or laminated. Incoming mail must be odorless with no scent or aroma. All incoming non-privileged correspondence will be photocopied for security reasons. A photocopy of the original correspondence rather than the original correspondence will be forwarded to the inmate. The original correspondence will be held for 30 days and then later destroyed. Mail received that does not conform to this policy will be returned to the sender or sent to Special Services, even if a money order is enclosed. Funds Inmates can use funds to purchase canteen items (candy, sneakers, toiletries, etc.). If a Pre-Trial Inmate has the entire bail amount, these funds can be used to post bail. (No split account distributions.) Funds can be deposited into an inmate’s account in the following ways: In Person – Visitors can deposit funds through the kiosk located in the Modular Complex (MODS) lobby. The kiosk accepts cash, debit, and credit cards any day from 7:00am – 10:00pm. Mail – United States Postal Service money orders made payable to the inmate may be mailed to the facility (cash will not be accepted). Phone – Deposits can be made with a credit or debit card by calling 866.345.1884 . Online – Deposits can be made with a credit or debit card at: www.accesscorrections.com Phone Calls In order to receive phone calls from an inmate you must set up an account with Securus. This can be done by phone at 800.844.6591 or online at www.securustech.net . You must be on an inmate’s phone list in order for them to call you. Property & Clothing Property Property may be picked up Monday-Friday (no weekends or holidays) between 8:00am-5:00pm. Please call the Property Room at 508.854.1800 EXT. 2426 prior to coming to the WCSO to ensure that the property is here and that the proper paperwork has been completed. A release form is required if an inmate is unable to collect their own personal property or is unable to pick up their check for remaining inmate funds. Checks can be picked up in the MODS Administrative Building from 9:30AM to 2:30PM (Mon-Fri excluding holidays). Court Clothing Clothes for court can be dropped off at the appropriate Control Booth during the hours of 10:00AM and 2:00PM (Mon-Fri excluding holidays). Clothing Exchange Criteria: Clothing Exchange Authorization must be completed prior to transaction. Appropriate court attire only. (No sneakers, work boots, sweat clothes, tank tops, shorts, t-shirts, etc.) Minimum of 24-hour notice required. Authorized person must be currently on the inmate’s visitor list. Inquiries about completed clothing exchange forms and housing locations can be made by calling Receiving at 508.854.1800 EXT. 2222 . Latest News Explore the latest rehabilitation initiatives and community service activities at the Worcester County Sheriff’s Office. LEARN MORE Contact Worcester County Sheriff’s Office Worcester County Jail & House of Correction 5 Paul X Tivnan Dr West Boylston, MA 01583 508.854.1800 Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube Quick Links Civil Process Reserve Deputy Sheriff Association Most Wanted The Worcester County Sheriff’s Office does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religious creed, national origin, age, military status, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression or gender in the delivery of services or employment practices. © 2026 Worcester County Sheriff's Office. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Website Design