Inmate Mail – Davidson County Sheriff – Nashville Tennessee Skip to content Records personnel verify the validity of all legal mail by contacting the attorney or firm listed on the return address. Mail determined to be suspicious will be opened and searched for contraband. If contraband is discovered, criminal charges may be pursued against the receiving inmate and/or the sender. Thanks! DCSO postal mail policies are changing effective immediately. In order to maintain facility safety and security, physical mail addressed to inmates/residents is scanned and distributed electronically via the inmate tablets and commissary kiosks. Greeting cards with glitter or other embellishments will be rejected. Only standard greeting cards will be processed. Attorneys will be contacted by DCSO staff to verify all legal mail, prior to delivery. Falsifying legal mail may result in criminal charges against the inmate and/or the sender. DCSO does not accept any books, bibles, magazines, newspapers or reading material of any kind mailed from a publisher or bookstore. Any publications received will be; (1) returned to sender; (2) place in your property; or (3) the unit case manager will coordinate with the property division to have your publications pickup by any person designated by the recipient. This decision does not violate any local, state or federal laws. Mailing Instructions and Inmate Account Information Inmate mail must be addressed as follows: Inmate’s name Inmate’s OCA number* Nashville / Davidson County Sheriff’s Office PO Box 196383 Nashville, TN 37219-6383 *The OCA number is listed as ‘CONTROL_NUMBER’ in the inmate search results Items Accepted Through the Mail All correspondence must be stamped and mailed through the United States Postal Service Legal mail, letters, and standard greeting cards. *Attorneys will be contacted by DCSO staff to verify all legal mail, prior to delivery. Falsifying legal mail may result in criminal charges against the inmate and/or the sender. Only 35mm (millimeter) pictures are allowed. (No nudity or pornographic shots will be allowed) Items Not Accepted Through the Mail Inmate to inmate mail (unless it’s an immediate family member with prior approval). Items such as stamps, envelopes, papers, etc. (these items may be purchased through inmate’s commissary) Hard back books or Bibles No Emergency Packages Greeting cards with glitter or other embellishments Released Inmates Inmates who have been released from DCSO custody will be able to login to a website to download copies of their scanned mail. The inmate must do so within 30 days of release from DCSO custody. Inmates create the mail recovery PIN at the first log in to the digital mail center while incarcerated, but may request changes to the mail recovery PIN via the case manager. To access scanned mail after release, the inmate uses the most recent version of the mail recovery PIN. Instructions for Downloadable Mail Social Media Nashville Sheriff: Davidson County Sheriff's Office