Sheriff’s Office - Toole County Sheriff's Office Toole County Sheriff Tyler Padilla UnderSheriff Tyler Foss Administrative Staff Chief Deputy Dan McDonough Sergeant Justin Shandorf Sergeant Ron Kinyon Office Adminstrator Christie Rhoden Toole County Deputies Joseph McAlpine Austin Croteau Chance Barker Joshua Neugebauer Jeff Robins Tyler Larson Kimberly Curtis Detention Officers Harley McCuin Tamara Lopez John Fisher Jr. Toole County Dispatchers Head Dispatcher Marcia McCuin Terminal Agency Coordinator Crystal Cannady Thomas Steadman Freedom Of Information Act The Montana public records law under Montana Code 2-6-1001 et seq. states that citizens are entitled to public records in the state while also recognizing the need to protect certain information. Please visit the Sheriff’s Office or send a written request to request records. Requests will be reviewed and approved based on what type of information is requested. There will be a $2.00 base charge up front for the processing of an information request and an additional $1.00 per page due upon receipt of the documents requested. Civil Process ALL PAPERS MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY A PRAECIPE. These are written instructions or directions to the Sheriff from the person(s) requesting service of papers. The Praecipe must be signed and dated by the person(s) requesting service. If papers are received by the Sheriff’s Office without a signed, dated and completed Praecipe or letter of instruction; the paperwork will not be processed and will be returned. Within the Praecipe, name and contact information including phone number of whom is requesting service must be provided; name and contact information of the defendant, respondent, or individual(s) to whom the papers are to be served must be provided; a physical address must be provided to serve the papers to the defendant, respondent, or individual(s). IF Only a Post Office Box is provided the papers will be returned. If original(s) of papers requesting to be served are to be returned to person(s) requesting service, copies must be provided for service. Originals and copies should be clearly marked respectively. Papers requesting to be served must not be sealed. Documentation of items being served is required for us to certify service upon the defendant, respondent, or individual(s) to whom papers are to be served. Payment for all civil processes is required in advance. Civil service fees for summons & complaints, subpoenas, orders, letters and postings are $75.00 per service/per defendant/per location. Additional types of fees and a Civil Fee Schedule can be seen by clicking here. Please make your check or money order payable to Toole County Sheriff’s Office and send to: Toole County Sheriff’s Office PO Box 550 Shelby, MT 59474 Concealed Weapons Permits To qualify for a CWP, you must be a Montana citizen for at least 6 months, be a US citizen, and be at least 18 years of age, and have a Montana DL or picture ID issued by the state. You may obtain a permit application at the Sheriff’s Office or you may print the form below. The cost for a new concealed weapon permit application is $50.00 and the cost for a renewal is $25.00 which is payable to the Toole County Sheriff’s Office. Permit Application TOOLE COUNTY COURTHOUSE 226 1ST ST S SHELBY, MT 59474 (406)424-8300 HOURS 8:00AM - 5:00PM Monday - Friday OFFICES ARE CLOSED ON FEDERAL HOLIDAYS CONTACT US Quick Links Public Records Search Emergency Plans Motor Vehicle Registration