Sheriff's Office - Willie Rowe, Sheriff | Wake County Government Skip to main content Menu Close Translate | Careers Sheriff's Office - Willie Rowe, Sheriff Join WCSO Today! Divisions WCSO News Community Engagement Buildings Recruiting Well Check Program Fraud Alert Project Lifesaver Safe Firearm Storage Domestic Violence and Victim Services Download the WCSO App Residential Security Check Water Safety ​​The Sheriff's Office is the primary law enforcement agency for the unincorporated areas of the County. Wake County elects the Sheriff to four-year terms. Law enforcement is a vital role of government at nearly all levels. Our Mission It is our mission that the Wake County Sheriff’s Office serve the citizens, residents, and visitors of Wake County by providing professional law enforcement, judicial, and detention services that protect and preserve the Constitutional Rights of the people and mandates the fair and impartial enforcement of the law. Our Core Values We, the men and women of the Wake County Sheriff's Office, pledge to incorporate our core values in every aspect of our service to our community. Our four core values are: Integrity – We pledge to maintain a strong sense of honesty, morality, goodness, and ethical character. Accountability – We are skilled in the performance of our duties and governed by the code of ethics that demands integrity by word or by act publicly and privately, the allegiance to our oath of office and the laws that govern our nation. Transparency – We must value and nurture the trust we earn through honesty and excellence in service. We pledge to treat those we serve and have sworn to protect with courtesy, respect, dignity, and compassion to achieve that trust. Consistency – We must always provide high levels of service, not just the consistency in the delivery of service. We will always strive to offer the highest standard of customer service always, without hesitation, for all residents and visitors of the County of Wake. Quick Links Public Records Submit a public records request Sheriff Records Records Division process public requests Civil Process Information on Civil Papers such as Evictions, Civil Summons, Executions, and Subpoenas Wake County Courthouse Courthouse Operations and Contact Information Carry Conceal Permit Carry Conceal Pistol Permit requirements, fees, and guidelines Inmate Accounts Instructions for depositing money into Inmate Accounts Visitation Visitation information for the Wake County Detention Center Transparency Statistical Significance for Wake County Sheriff Recruiting Join the Wake County Sheriff Office Team WCSO Deputies Honored with Sheriff’s Commendation May 5, 2026 Sheriff's Office WCSO Partnering with Helping Horse Therapeutic Programs April 15, 2026 Sheriff's Office WCSO Sergeant and Deputy Honored with Dogwood Awards February 19, 2026 Sheriff's Office WCSO Host Shop with the Sheriff Events December 15, 2025 Sheriff's Office John H. Baker Public Safety Center Wake County Sheriff's Office Emergencies DIAL 9-1-1 Phone: 919-856-6900 Fax: 919-856-6874 John H. Baker Public Safety Center 330 S. Salisbury St. Raleigh, NC 27601 Facebook X Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Copyright © 2026. All rights reserved.