Santa Rita Jail mail procedure is changing | News | Alameda County Sheriff's Office, CA Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Show/Hide The Santa Rita Jail mail procedure is changing - Click Here Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Feedback Print Santa Rita Jail mail procedure is changing Post Date: 01/13/2026 10:25 AM The Alameda County Sheriff’s Office is pleased to announce a new mail delivery process for Santa Rita jail and our incarcerated individuals. Postal mail can sometimes be used to introduce contraband and illicit drugs into correctional facilities, creating health and safety concerns for everyone. We have had several fentanyl exposure incidents linked to mailed substances and have saved multiple lives. This new process is designed to improve safety while still ensuring that incarcerated individuals can stay connected with their loved ones through timely correspondence. We recognize how important these connections are for the individuals in our custody and their families. Starting February 23, 2026 , all non-privileged mail must be sent to Pigeonly Corrections’ mail processing center . All privileged (legal) mail and publications, books, magazines or newspapers that are mailed directly from a publisher or distributor to a named incarcerated individual are not handled through Pigeonly Corrections and will continue to be sent directly to Santa Rita Jail. Attorneys and privileged mail senders must authenticate through Pigeonly Corrections. Any non-privileged mailed received at our facility after March 25, 2026 (30 days after the February 23, 2026 start date), will be returned to sender. All non-privileged mail must include the incarcerated individual’s name and PFN number. Please see the attached Pigeonly Corrections flyer for more information on our new mail delivery process. Return to full list >> About Us Web Site Disclaimer Created By Granicus - Connecting People and Government