Barnstable County Sheriff, MA | Official Website Skip to Main Content Alert Sign up here for the Frederick Douglass Project Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search The Barnstable County Sheriff's Office's Bridge Center Civil Process The Bridge Center Employment Family & Visitors Victim Services /QuickLinks.aspx Latest News & Updates View All News Articles Flag Sojourn 250 Comes to Cape Cod The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office will host Flag Sojourn 250, a global journey of one flag that celebrates the 250th anniversary of our nation on Flag Day, Sunday, June 14, at 1 p.m. at the National Cemetery in Bourne. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office hires New Superintendent The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is pleased to introduce Ned McCormick, the new Superintendent of the Barnstable County Correctional Facility. He will join the sheriff’s office on April 9. Read on... WE ARE THE BCSO: Community Meeting Profile “All of the things we put on the back burner, start to burn when you neglect it.” That’s how one of the incarcerated men in the Men’s Therapeutic Treatment Program explained how he became suicidal. He told his story during Community Meeting. Read on... ACA recognizes Barnstable County Sheriff's Office staff for behavorial health certifications Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Highlights Cost Effective Training Excellence as Staff Earn National Behavioral Health Certification with the American Correctional Association Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff’s Response to the Inspector General’s Preliminary Review For years the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office’s annual budget appropriations (or General Appropriations Act - GAA) have not reflected the true cost of operating the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Receives Residential Substance Abuse Funding The state Office of Grants and Research has again awarded the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office $30,000 through its Residential Substance Abuse Grant program. Read on... Attorney General Guidance: KNOW YOUR RIGHTS: ICE Enforcement The MA Office of Attorney General has published Guidance for Immigrants, Families, and Communities on its website. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Loses Federal Addiction Funding UPDATE: THIS FUNDING HAS BEEN REINSTATED – The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is among hundreds of agencies to last night receive termination letters from the Trump Administration for federal grants supporting addiction treatment services. Read on... New at The Bridge Center: WellStrong and Skilled Purpose The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office today announces partnerships with two nonprofits, WellStrong and the Michael English House. Together, at The Bridge Center, we will enhance public safety by supporting addiction recovery and vocational opportunities. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff Invites Students to the Winter Public Safety Explorers Program The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is accepting applications for our free-of-charge Public Safety Explorers Program for students ages 10 to 14 who may be interested in public safety as a future career. Read on... Pie in the Sky General Manager Teaches Baking to Incarcerated Individuals Erik Gura of the Wood’s Hole iconic Pie in the Sky Bakery & Café is volunteering his time to teach incarcerated individuals how to bake bread and pastries during a month-long course inside the Barnstable County Correctional Facility. Read on... Former DEA Executive Dan Mahoney hired as Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Chief of Staff Daniel C. Mahoney, a law enforcement executive with 32 years of experience with the DEA, has been hired as Chief of Staff of the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office. Read on... Sheriff’s Office receives grant to explore possible 911 center at Cape Cod Community College The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office has received $384,302 in grants from the state Executive Office of Public Safety and Security, $300,000 of which will be used to explore the feasibility a new Comms Center on the Cape Cod Community College campus. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Held First Session of the Frederick Douglass Project for Justice BOURNE — On March 25, community members and incarcerated individuals came together at the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office for the first of many Frederick Douglass Project for Justice events. Read on... The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Offers Two Summer Programs in 2025 BOURNE — To promote public safety through prevention and education, the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office will offer two youth programs this summer. Both are generously supported by Cape Cod Healthcare and free to the public. Read on... Duffy Community Health Worker at the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office’s Bridge Center BARNSTABLE — The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is excited to announce an expansion of our longtime partnership with Duffy Health Center. As of June 4, a Duffy Community Health Worker will be available every Wednesday at The Bridge Center. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Statement on Criminal Investigation of a Cadet A Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office provisional employee, who is a cadet in our current Recruit Training Academy, has been placed on unpaid administrative leave due to a criminal investigation related to an off-duty incident. Read on... Data Breach Investigation On April 22, 2025, Sheriff Donna D. Buckley was advised of a data breach. The breach appears to be an intentional act by a Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office employee and not the result of a failure of our digital or cybersecurity safeguards. Read on... The Bridge Center Sheriff Donna D. Buckley today unveiled a model for the future of public safety on Cape Cod. Centered on a new facility, The Bridge Center, her initiative — called Public Safety 2.0 — reimagines incarceration as an opportunity for strategic intervention. Read on... Provincetown Partners with Barnstable County Sheriff’s Regional Emergency Communications Center Effective March 31, 2025, all Provincetown 9-1-1 emergency calls and Provincetown Fire/EMS dispatch services will transition to the Barnstable County Sheriff's Office (BCSO) Regional Emergency Communications Center. Read on... Seeking Volunteer Educators The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is looking for volunteer educators to teach general adult education courses. Hours are flexible. For questions or to express interest: bclarkson@bsheriff.net Read on... The Spring Youth Public Safety Explorers Program The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is accepting applications for a free-of-charge Public Safety Explorers Program for students ages 10 to 14 who may be interested in learning more about and one day entering these exciting fields. Read on... Eastham partners with Barnstable County Sheriff’s Regional Emergency Communications Center Effective March 17, 2025, all Eastham 9-1-1 emergency calls and Eastham Fire/EMS dispatch services will transition to the Barnstable County Sheriff's Office (BCSO) Regional Emergency Communications Center. Read on... Citizens Invited to Meet with Incarcerated Individuals at Barnstable County Correctional Facility BOURNE—To build knowledge from the power of human connection, the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is proud to present the Frederick Douglass Project for Social Justice. Read on... Sheriff's Letter to Gov. Healey Opposing Closure of Community Mental Health Center at Pocasset I am writing today in vehement opposition to the proposals to close the Cape and Islands Community Mental Health Center at Pocasset and to reduce the number of Case Manager positions in the Department of Mental Health. Read on... Twenty-one corrections officers join the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office Six women and 15 men have completed the 12-week training program to become Barnstable County Sheriff’s corrections officers following a graduation ceremony on Jan. 10 at Mashpee Middle-High School. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff Invites Students to a New Youth Public Safety Program During School Breaks The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office announces a new, free-of-charge Public Safety Explorer Program for students ages 10 to 14 who may be interested in learning more about and one day entering these exciting fields. Read on... Community Work Crew helps with Falmouth shellfish propagation Throughout the fall and winter, incarcerated individuals who are members of the Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office’s Community Work Crew will be working alongside community volunteers to maintain Falmouth Shellfish... Read on... Inmates Help with Oyster Propagation Project at the DPW Every 30 seconds, shouts of “100” were called out by three inmates from the Barnstable County Correctional Facility who were working around a muddy folding table Wednesday morning, December 18, at the Department of Public Works garage on Gifford Street. Read on... Barnstable County Sheriff's Office Launches Family Outreach, Resource & Support Services Read on... Barnstable Superior Court Dismisses Lawsuit Against Barnstable County Sheriff BOURNE — On Sept. 18, the Barnstable Superior Court dismissed the lawsuit brought against Donna D. Buckley as the Sheriff of Barnstable County by the Cape & Island’s District Attorney. Read on... Chris Herren Comes to Cape Cod on Sept. 25th. The Barnstable County Sheriff’s Office is proud to host a presentation on September 25 at 7 p.m. at Barnstable High School’s Performing Arts Center by former NBA player and recovery advocate, Chris Herren. The event is supported by State Rep. Kip Diggs. Read on... New Mailing Address for Incarcerated Individuals Effective 5/13/2024 there is a new address to send mail to incarcerated individuals. Read on... /CivicAlerts.aspx The Bridge Center Calendar June 2026 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 Mon, Jun. 29 10:30 am - 11:30 am Bridging the Gap AA Meeting Tue, Jun. 30 10am-3pm High Point Community Outreach Tue, Jun. 30 5:30pm-8pm Skilled Purpose View All Events /Calendar.aspx Barnstable County Sheriff's Office 6000 Sheriff's Place Bourne, MA 02532 Phone: 508-563-4300 Directions Media & Public Relations News PREA Policy Public Records /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow