County Sheriff | Albany County, NY Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. Search CLOSE Go Popular Searches Jobs Real Property Tax Auction Board of Elections Online Records Search Assessment Rolls Land Use Senior Services Veterans Benefits In an emergency dial 9-1-1 Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Font Size: + - Albany County was incorporated in 1683. Situated on the west bank of the Hudson River, the County is located approximately 135 miles directly north of New York City and has an area of approximately 540 square miles. The County has a population of 304,204 as reported in the United States Census Bureau's most recent report. The County contains three cities, ten towns and six villages. The Albany County Sheriff's Office was established in the 1660's and is one of the oldest Sheriff's agencies in the United States. Since its inception, the Agency has consistently grown to its current strength of over 700 employees. The Albany County Sheriff's Office is a "full-service" Law Enforcement Agency providing law enforcement services to residents and visitors of Albany County. These services include; Uniform Patrol, Criminal Investigations Unit, Fire Investigation Unit, Scuba Unit, Crime and Accident Investigation Unit, Snowmobile Unit, Marine Patrol, Emergency Response Team (S.W.A.T.) Unit, Hostage / Crisis Negotiation Team, Emergency Management Unit, Bicycle Patrol Unit, K-9 Unit, Traffic Safety Unit, STOP DWI Unit, Civil Unit, Court Security and Inmate Transportation Unit, Forensic Unit, Emergency Medical Services Unit (Paramedics), County Fire Coordinators Unit, Domestic Violence and Special Victims Unit and a Search and Rescue Unit. Additionally this Agency provides 24 hour, seven day a week law enforcement services to the Albany International Airport, located in Colonie New York. The Albany County Sheriff's Correctional Facility is one of the largest County Correctional Facilities in the State of New York. The Facility has a maximum of 1043 beds, providing custody for local, state and federal prisoners. The current staff of 375 for both sworn officers and civilians maintains the day-to-day operations of the Facility. During the past year, over 7000 prisoners were admitted to the Facility. The average daily population has exceeded 600 inmates over the past year. Contact Albany County Sheriff 994 Madison Avenue Albany, NY 12208 (518) 487-5400 (518) 487-5037 (fax) contactsheriff@albanysheriffny.gov Craig D. Apple Sr. Sheriff Michael S. Monteleone Undersheriff Job Opportunities Learn more about employment with us! CarFax Accident Report Portal Get a secure copy of your crash report by supplying your name, the accident date and the accident report number. Resources OffenderWatch Law Enforcement Request for Information (DSS) Albany County Animal Abuse Registry Use of Force Policy Are you prepared? Read our Emergency Preparedness Guide for important advice about making sure your household is ready for the unexpected. Active Shooter Response Albany County Sheriff's Office Offers Course in Civilian Response to an Active Shooter During this 2-hour training session, we provide your employees with vital information about what to expect during an incident, what to expect from law enforcement, and how to respond to law enforcement. The course is available to any business or organization within Albany County, and will be conducted on your premises. Learn more .