Hill County, Texas Skip Navigation Hill County Texas HOME CONTACT US TRANSLATE GO Quicklinks Sheriff Hunter Barnes 406 Hall Street Hillsboro, TX 76645 Phone: 254-582-5313 Email: sheriff@co.hill.tx.us WE'RE HIRING! Click here: Sheriff Office Application and Personal History Statement (44 pages) Read about the: Hiring Process Steps Available Positions: Deputy Sheriff - Salary $62,386.69 to $75,840.96 Jailer - Salary $48,889.57 to $59,430.18 Dispatcher – Salary $47,454.16 to $57,673.41 Each position is on a four-step pay scale with pay increases during years of service. Basic Qualifications Include (but not limited to): For Peace Officers: Must have a high school diploma or GED, be 21 years of age, have completed a Basic Peace Officer Academy in the State of Texas, and be licensable with the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement. Have a valid Texas Driver’s License. Must have no felony or Class A Misdemeanor convictions and no Class B Misdemeanor convictions within the previous ten (10) years. No less than an honorable discharge (if prior military). For Jailers and Dispatch: Must have a high school diploma or GED, be 18 years of age, and no felony or Class A Misdemeanor convictions and no Class B Misdemeanor convictions within the previous ten years. No less than an honorable discharge (if prior military). Lateral Entry Available for All Positions To qualify for lateral entry, the applicant may be hired above the trainee pay level if they have three (3) or more years of experience. This previous experience must have been obtained from an agency of thirty (30) or more sworn officers. Hired applicants are eligible to enter at up to a level III in the current four-step pay scale. Certification and Education Pay Incentives for Employees The Hill County Sheriff’s Office offers various certification and education pay stipends for all of its division employees, which includes Jail and Dispatch divisions . These certification stipends include: TCOLE Intermediate, Advanced, and Master certification pay. We’re also proud to offer pay incentives to candidates with college degrees, which include an Associate’s, Bachelor’s, and Master’s degrees obtained from an accredited college or university. This feature is an “either or” scenario. The employee is able to receive either the certification pay or the education pay, whichever is most, but not both. Specialized skills pay stipends are available for those that qualify and are put into use, which include: FTO (Field Training Officer), SWAT, Hostage Negotiator, K9, Instructor, Mental Health Officer, Armed Jailer, Intoxilizer Operator, Interpreter, and Booking Officer. Longevity Pay is also available for tenured Hill County employees. Benefits include: TCDRS Retirement - (2 to 1 match at 7%). Medical, Dental, Vision, and Supplemental Insurance. To Apply for any listed job: Complete the Hill County Sheriff's Office Personal History Statement/Job Application (link at top of this page). Completed applications should be hand delivered, M-F between 9am-4pm, to: Hill County Sheriff's Office 406 Hall Street Hillsboro, Texas 76645 For questions about employment, please contact Melody Sutton x105 or mbackus@co.hill.tx.us. For all other job openings, and for TSS requests, please contact the Hill County Sheriff's Office @ 254-582-5313. For Freedom of Information Act/Open Records Requests , please contact us by emailing your request to: hcsoopenrecords@co.hill.tx.us or by mail at 406 Hall St. Hillsboro, TX 76645. Records request fee schedule Compliment or Complaint: Contact us by email at sheriff@co.hill.tx.us, by mail at 406 Hall St. Hillsboro, TX 76645 or at 254-582-5313. See the following complaint link for additional information. Racial & Bias Profiling Policy Complaint Form Visit VINELink to check the custody status of your Offender. Provided by the Texas Association of Counties Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials Copyright © {{YEAR}} {{COUNTY}} {{STATE}} powered by ezTask Titanium TM