Inmate Services | Atlantic County, NJ Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user experience. I Want To… I WANT TO… How Do I… Category 1 Select Apply (for, to be) Find How To Sign Up (for, to) Visit Pay… REQUESt… adopt a shelter pet an Atlantic County Park an inmate in the Adult Detention Center Art or History Grant Assistance: SNAP (food stamps), Work First NJ, Health Insurance (NJ Family Care/Medicaid) Attend a Commission's Meeting Attend my Virtual Court Session become a MRC volunteer Board/Commission Member Campsite Reservation Canale Facility Use (Facility Request System) Central Municipal Court Information Coin Drop Solicitation contact Atlantic County County Job Election Information Email Updates Emergency Alerts File a tax appeal Food Vendor / Special Events get a Flu and/or COVID-19 vaccination get a rabies vaccine for my pet get a restaurant inspection get an Absentee Ballot get an immunization (adult) get Septic system inspection Health Clinic (Hours/Directions) Hotlines and Toll-Free Numbers Job Posting Notifications my tax access or tax collector OEM Professional Development Training Parks Special Use Permit (Firewood, Metal Detection, River/Lake Access Pavilion/Gazebo Rental Pay a Traffic Ticket Poll-Worker or Challenger Pool and Spa Inspection information Produce Voucher Program Property Tax Information Receive information regarding Board of Commissioners Meetings receive notification of new Public Health Newsletters Report a pothole or other road hazard Request a Public Defender Request Public Records (OPRA) Reserve a room in the Canale Training Center surrender an animal the Animal Shelter the Green Tree Golf Course the Meadowview Nursing and Rehabilitation Center the Veterans Museum Unemployment Parking Tickets Learn More Learn More about Close Resources ConnectNetwork (Telephone Service) Share & Bookmark Share & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option Email Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Reddit Feedback Print The mission of the inmate services office is to deliver services to the inmate in compliance with the New Jersey Administrative Code 10a. The following is a brief description of each of the sections. Social Services Social Services Social services is the direct first line contact with the inmates. The staff's responsibility is to directly respond to a variety of inmate request for services from both internal units and external agencies involved with the inmate's legal and social needs. It must be emphasized, however, that the safety and security of all inmates and the correction’s staff is of paramount importance. Therefore, special visits or personal phone calls will not be allowed nor will the counselor accept any literature or books a family member may want the inmate to read. Lastly, because of privacy laws, counselors may not share specific medical, psychiatric or substance abuse information with anyone unless the inmate signs a release of information. Educational and Vocational Services Educational and Vocational Services Educational and vocational services provide all inmates with an opportunity to improve their educational and vocational knowledge and skills, so that they may become productive citizens when they return to the community. Inmates are provided with an opportunity to take classes in Adult basic education (abe), Pre general equivalency diploma (pre-GED) and general equivalency diploma (GED). This program offers the (GED) test through the NJ Department of Corrections and has demonstrated a significant success rate by assisting numerous inmates, each year, with earning their (GED) prior to release. Various classes and workshops are presented by the inmate services employment counselor and a representative from the NJ Department of Labor. Opportunities are provided for vocational skills development, such as basic culinary skills or other trades. Life skills classes, including parenting and job readiness preparation are a major part of this program. Job placement assistance is available to inmates in need of help locating employment upon release. Inmate Telephones Inmate Telephones If you want to transfer money to an inmate's telephone account, please go to ConnectNetwork (24 hour-a-day access) or call (800) 483-8314 (Monday – Friday 08:00 am – 6:00 pm EST). More Information Library Services Library Services Library services provide legal books, materials and supplies in accordance with the New Jersey Administrative Code 10a and the Atlantic County Justice Facility policies and procedures. A law library and recreational library are maintained by this section. Medical Services Medical Services Medical services provides inmates with all necessary medical, dental, mental health counseling and substance/alcohol abuse counseling and treatment. While most treatments are available in the facility, affiliations are available through local treatment facilities as well. Religious Services Religious Services Religious services provides for the religious needs of the inmates while they are incarcerated and creates a bridge of follow-up after their release. All religious programs and activities are initiated, designed, managed and recorded by the chaplain. All religious volunteers who lead in the programs are supervised, orientated, trained and evaluated by our chaplain. Volunteer Services Volunteer Services Volunteer services, under the direction of the director of inmate services and the chaplain, the volunteer assists in the routine operations of the Atlantic County Justice Facility. The volunteers are assigned duties which best match their knowledge, skills, abilities and interest. The volunteer program continues to expand. This is in part, the result of a proactive recruiting campaign. Internships are available twelve months a year. The internship program is an excellent way for individuals to gain experience to enter the job market. Job opportunities have been made available. Discharge Planning Discharge Planning On Feb. 22, 2005, the Atlantic County Jail formally implemented a discharge planning process. A clinician assesses all county-sentenced inmates who are scheduled for release and links each inmate to specific services to increase the probability of stabilization. Some examples of services are housing location, food stamps, General Assistance (GA), Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF), employment, mental health, HIV testing, physical health, child support, Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous. Representatives from private, non-profit agencies meet with each inmate approximately 10 days before release and begin the application process and schedule appointments when the inmate returns to the community. New Jersey Corrections Book Store New Jersey Corrections Book Store will be distributing books to the individual housed in the Atlantic County Justice Facility. This will be the only place from where the Justice Facility will accept books. Inmates have been instructed how to obtain books as included below. As always, the Justice Facility appreciates your cooperation. Feel free to reach out with any concerns or questions. Your Family Member or Friend will have to set up an account for NJ Corrections Book Store by going to this website: www.njcorrectionsbookstore.com . Family and Friends can deposit funds into an account for NJ Corrections Book Store Publishing LLC and may place book orders. Books may only be ordered from this company and will fall under the same facility rules. Example: No hard covered books. Books ordered will be sent to the facility and delivered by the mail staff following the normal mail procedure. Two book possession limit. When completed they can be exchanged for new books.