Inmate Information - Twin Falls Sheriff's Office Explore Overview Resources VineLink – Info Civil Records Inmate Information Warrants & Arrest Documents Fingerprinting Sex Offenders Concealed Weapon Drivers License Contact Inmate Information Inmate Information and Services Telephone Usage: Telephones are available between 5:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. to exclude lockdown and meal times. Hearing impaired phones available for those who need them in certain cell blocks. Telephone calls will be limited to 20 minutes in length to provide telephone access to all inmates assigned to each housing unit. All telephone calls are outgoing only. The staff of our Adult Detention Facility will not transfer incoming telephone calls and emergency messages will only be passed if they can be confirmed and verified. All facility phones, to include the video visitation, are monitored and/or recorded. INMATE MAIL All incoming mail must be no larger than 8 1/2 inches (letter size), no thicker than light card stock, and be able to be fed through a sheet-fed scanner. All incoming mail shall be opened and inspected or read to determine if contraband is enclosed or if any violation of jail rules has occurred. If such is found, mail will be returned to sender and not scanned. **All inmates will be held responsible for paying return postage on packages which violate any of these standards** To send mail to an inmate, send to: Inmate’s Name James R. Munn Adult Detention Facility P. O. Box 306 Twin Falls, ID 83303-0306 Prohibited Items: Prohibited mail includes: stamps; blank envelopes; stationary; no cash or checks should be sent with correspondence; threats of physical harm against any person or threats/details of criminal activity; plans to smuggle contraband into or out of the facility; information to formulate escape plans, to commit a crime, or to violate a jail rule; solicitation of gifts, goods, money, or things of value from individuals or entities other than family or established close friends; code or gang insignia; obscene language or drawings; information that if communicated would create a threat to the security of the facility. None of the following items may be included or attached: Address labels; stickers; homemade cards; musical cards; non-white envelopes or paper; paintings; tracing paper; pages from coloring books; drawings in colored ink, marker, crayon, or glitter; raised decorations; paint or the use of whiteout, glue, or any other liquid form. Photographs are permitted but will be scanned into electronic format. Once a photograph is scanned into the system it will be placed in the inmate’s property. Printouts from the internet, colored pages, and provocative material are not permitted and will be destroyed. Books must be sent in through a publishing company. All books must be soft back and new condition. All books will be inspected for safety and security concerns. Any books not approved will be placed on inmate’s property. Visitation of inmates Video Visitation- A minimum of two thirty (30) minute free visits each week from adult persons who are not currently incarcerated from jail lobby visitation stations. The individuals that wish to visit must set up an account with the Cidnet Company providing Video Visitation. Juvenile persons may visit, but only if accompanied by a parent, legal guardian or responsible adult. Visiting can also be done off site through video visiting. Religious leader may visit at any reasonable time upon an inmate’s written request, excluding lockdown and meal times. There are no restrictions to the number of attorney or religious visits or their duration with exception of the established, meal, medication and visiting hours or during a declared facility emergency. VISITING DAYS AND HOURS ARE: Monday through Sunday From 8:00 a.m. until 11:00 a. m. and from 12:30 p.m. until 4:00 p.m. and from 5:30 p.m. until 10:00 p.m. each day. The breaks between visiting hours represent necessary inmate lockdown times for meals and medication. Any questions or issues with visitation can be resolved on the following website: www.cidnet.net Money to inmates Currency through the kiosk in the jail lobby is accepted anytime. Our Facility will not accept personal checks. If you wish to deposit funds to an inmate, only the following currency will be accepted: Cash or Credit Card at the Kiosk in the lobby. Transactions can also take place on the Correctpay Website. Any questions or issues with deposits can be resolved on the following website: www.correctpay.com You may also contact Correctpay customer service at: 855-836-3364 Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Sexual abuse and sexual harassment seriously hampers the mission of the Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Office ability to provide a safe and secure environment for Adult Detention Center inmates and staff. The Adult Detention Center endeavors to comply with training standards in accordance with the Federal PREA (Prison Rape Elimination Act) rule. The Adult Detention Center has zero tolerance with regard to sexual abuse and sexual harassment in this facility and will take appropriate affirmative measures to protect all inmates from sexual abuse and harassment and to promptly and thoroughly investigate all allegations of sexual abuse and sexual harassment. The Twin Falls County Adult Detention Center has developed policy and procedures to reduce the risk of in-custody sexual assaults and will ensure that an investigation is completed for all allegations of sexual abuse and sexual harassment. All allegations of sexual abuse that have a criminal element will be referred to the Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Office or an outside agency for investigation. If you were a victim or if you suspect abuse has happened in this facility, you are urged to call the Detention Center administration at 208-735-4302 and ask to speak to a supervisor. Reports may also be made in writing, anonymously and from third parties. Report anonymously, if you want, to an outside agency by calling Voices Against Violence at 208-733-0100. Twin Falls County Sheriff’s Office Adult Detention Center ANNUAL PREA REPORT View Document