Clay County Sheriff's Office Home Sign up for Alerts Meet the Sheriff Enforcement Division Communications Division Corrections Division Office Personnel Prevention Tips Weather & Information Project Lifesaver Anonymous Tips Registered Sex Offenders CCSO Most Wanted Pistol Permits Contact Us Employment Current Inmates H onor - C ourage - C ommitment L eadership - T eamwork We are committed to protecting the lives, property and rights of all people, to maintain order and to enforce the laws. We will strive to accomplish this mission by setting goals and objectives and practicing the values of the office. We are responsible for the professional care and custody of those confined in our jail, the security of our courts and the prompt investigation of crime when it occurs. It is our mission to improve and maintain the quality of life we enjoy and to ensure that our county is a safe place to live, work and visit. We are totally dedicated to this mission, to the County we serve and to accept responsibility of attaining our goal of achieving excellence within our profession. No matter what challenges face us in the future, the citizens of Clay County may be assured that the quality of life they now enjoy will be protected by the men and women of the Sheriff’s Office with: HONOR—COURAGE—COMMITMENT—LEADERSHIP—TEAMWORK The business of public safety is a partnership; Deputy Sheriffs and citizens must work together closely. Action Plan: (Proactive Law Enforcement) Community Involvement; Cooperative Planning with Other Agencies; Zero Tolerance Meth Approach; Aggressive Grant Strategy and Full Use of all Technology/Training. PREA Prison Rape Elimination Act The Prison Rape Elimination Act 2003 (PREA) was enacted by congress to address the problem of sexual abuse and sexual harassment within confinement settings. In 2012, the United States Department of Justice published a final rule adopting national standards for prevention, detection, and responding to prison rap under PREA. Consistent with PREA, the Clay County Detention Center maintains a policy of zero tolerance toward all forms of sexual abuse and sexual harassment. For more information about PREA, visit the National PREA Resource Center at www.prearesourcecenter.com Clay County Detention Center PREA Division, PREA Coordinator Phone: 256-354-7713, Email: PREA@clayso.net PREA Division: 41771 Hwy 77, Suite 2, Ashland, Al. 36251 The Safehouse of Shelby County: 262 Yeager Pkwy #A, Pelham, Al 35124 You also can submit a report on someone's behalf, or someone at the facility can report for you using the ways listed above. Home | Sign up for Alerts | Meet the Sheriff | Enforcement Division | Communications Division | Corrections Division | Office Personnel | Prevention Tips | Weather & Information | Project Lifesaver | Anonymous Tips | Registered Sex Offenders | CCSO Most Wanted | Pistol Permits | Contact Us | Employment | Current Inmates Clay County Sheriff's Office 41771 Highway 77 N, Suite 2 Ashland , AL 36251 Phone: (256) 354-2176