Home . Home Contact Us / Tipline E-mail Sheriff Jacobson Information Employment Off Duty and Extra Duty Employment Policy Documents Jail Visiting Rules Video Visitation - Visit Anywhere Services AlertSense Notification CERT Medical Reserve Corps Education 9-1-1 & Children Safety Tips When to Call 9-1-1 Wildfire Checklist Mental Health & Substance Abuse Resources Behavioral Health Treatment Services Locator Teen Addiction Treatment Options News MCSO Press Releases Weekly Case Summary Cold Cases Solved Cases Scam Alerts Additional Resources Official Site of Millard County Report Identity Theft Resources for Parents Utah Fire Information Utah Road Conditions Utah Sex Offender Registry Utah Sheriffs' Association Utah State Courts Victim Notification/VINELink HSI Victim Notification Program VIN Inspection Paperwork Wireless Amber Alerts™ Central Utah Crisis Center Youth ATV/Motorcycle Education Elder Fraud Memorial Page We Support Our Troops The Millard County Sheriff's Office recognizes and supports our troops in defending our country's freedoms. We especially want to recognize the National Guard 145th Field Artillery and thank them for their service in Iraq. AlertSense AlertSense Emergency Notification Services We are changing our reverse 911 emergency notification system from Code Red to a service more easily used by us to notify you. The new system is called Alert Sense. Please promptly follow this link to register with Alert Sense. You will be required to access the email they send to complete the activation. You will not receive notifications until this has been completed. Learn more... Press Releases Press Releases Learn about the latest happenings in Millard County that relate to the Millard County Sheriff's Office. Learn More... Cold Cases Holden Assault Investigators from the Millard County Sheriff’s Office are seeking additional information regarding an assault that occurred near Holden, Utah on March 20, 2007. Read More... Solved Cases Sumart Robbery Arrests have been made in the matter of an armed robbery that occurred in Scipio, Utah on 01/19/2008 at the Sunmart Texaco at approximately 8:26 PM. Read More... Home ALERTSENSE NOTIFICATION SERVICE Tuesday, 30 March 2021 00:00 We are changing our reverse 911 emergency notification system from Code Red to a service more easily used by us to notify you. The new system is called Alert Sense. Please promptly follow this link to register with Alert Sense. You will be required to access the email they send to complete the activation. You will not receive notifications until this has been completed. If you have been subscribed to Code Red, you have experienced the usefulness of this resource. We will continue to depend on this ability with Alert Sense, thereby, providing you with a situational awareness necessary to keep us all safer. It continues to be our honor to serve you. UTAH DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY RELEASES NEW VIDEO Monday, 28 December 2015 09:22 Click HERE to see the new video released by the Utah Department of Public Safety called "Recognizing 8 Signs of Terrorism". We urge you to report any suspicious activity you see to your local law enforcement agency. Who's Online We have 22 guests online Safe Tip Sheriff's Archives November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 May, 2018 September, 2017 June, 2017 April, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 © 2026 Millard County Sheriff's Office