St. Louis County, Missouri - St. Louis County Website Skip to main content I Want To... Government Public Notices I Want To... Government Public Notices Warning × You are being directed away from this site to the following site: St. Louis County may not own or control the contents of this link. Continue on Stay on this page Drone View: Fly over St. Louis County Drone View: Fly over St. Louis County Drone View: Fly over St. Louis County Senior Property Tax Freeze Application Birth and Death Records Property Value Appeal Procurement Code - Chapter 107 Permits & Applications Subscribe for Updates Real Estate Search Residential Customer Service 2025 Annual Report The 2025 Annual Report is a look back at a year of major milestones, dedicated public service, and continued progress toward a stronger, more resilient Saint Louis County. What Does a Stronger St. Louis Look Like? Residents of St. Louis and St. Louis County are invited to share ideas for improving services through regional cooperation. RECA Missouri Claim Form Now Available Information regarding the Federal Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (RECA) for St. Louis County, affecting individuals and families. Claim form now available. Adopt a Pet Adopting a pet from the Saint Louis County Animal Shelter is a life-changing experience—not just for you but also for the animal waiting for a loving home. Open Data The County Government is committed to providing the highest level of reliable, accessible, and transparent public data. Find out more on the County's Open Data section. Join Our Virtual Line Avoid crowds and save time when you need to visit various St. Louis County government departments by joining the Qless virtual line and waiting wherever you want. EVENTS & CALENDAR View County Event Calendar View All Public Notices Jun 26 7:00 pm Puzzle Competition at Kennedy Recreation Complex Jun 27 9:00 am City of Velda Village Hills: Electronics Recycling Collection & Document Shredding Event (On-Site) Jun 27 10:00 am Whimsical Party at Faust Park Jun 27 1:00 pm Fitness Expo at St. Vincent Community Center Jun 28 12:00 pm Thornhill Open House at Faust Park Enable JavaScript to ensure website accessibility