Christian County Illinois Sheriff's Office Menu Dial 911 for all emergencies. Christian County Sheriff's Office The Christian County Sheriff’s Office serves the citizens of Christian County Illinois. The County was established in 1839 and is 720 square miles with approximately 33,000 residents. The Christian County Sheriff’s Office provides Law Enforcement, Corrections, and Civil Process service for the county. Christian County Sheriff Bruce Kettelkamp and Chief Deputy James Baker lead the department of 12 Patrol Deputies, 2 Investigators, and the Christian County Correctional Center. The Christian County Correctional Center is headed by Rohn Burke and staffed by 8 Corrections Officers. The Christian County Sheriff’s Office contains the Dispatch and 911 Center for Christian County, which is staffed by 8 Telecommunicators. Meet Our Staff Our Commitment To achieve the highest level of public trust. To deliver quality services to all of our citizens. To work in partnership with the community to deter, reduce, and prevent crime. To improve the quality of life throughout Christian County. Our Objectives Support the Constitution of the United States and the Constitution and laws of the State of Illinois. Work in close cooperation and maintain interaction with other Christian County law enforcement agencies. Establish strategic and tactical methods to attack and minimize the illicit drug trade and underage drinking. Alert the community to the rapidly growing dangers and abuse of prescription drugs. Protect our seniors from the increasing threats they face. Pay special attention to those parts of the county where we are the primary law enforcement agency. Strive to improve the level of technical knowledge, training, and education among the staff. Make a top priority of achieving and maintaining exemplary performance in providing the care of inmates placed in the Sheriff’s custody. Accept responsibility and maintain our accountability to the taxpayers. View our badges as symbols of public faith and wear them as a symbol of public trust. Our Promise To understand that service is the essential purpose of our profession. To constantly focus on our primary mission–the prevention of crime. To work with our staff to improve the level of their technical knowledge, training, and education to increase the level of their performance. To maintain the highest level of public trust. Our integrity must never be compromised. Christian County Sheriff Bruce A. Kettelkamp Staff About the Sheriff Chief Deputy Administrative Assistant Resources Facts and Questions Civil Process Contact Us Divisions Patrol Investigations Dispatch Jail K9 Unit Court Security Records Request Christian County Sheriff’s Office 301 W Franklin St Taylorville, IL 62568 Non-Emergency: (217) 824-4961 Disclaimer of Liability Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email Name Website