Contact an Inmate - Garfield County Sheriff Colorado Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility skip to Main Content EMERGENCY 911 // Non-Emergency (970) 945-0453 English Español Contact an Inmate Letters/Mail All individuals are able to contact any Garfield County Facility inmate via mail. Mail must be sent through the U.S. Postal Service. We will not accept mail hand delivered to the facility. Mail will be scanned and digitally available to the inmate by using the provided tablet. All non-privileged mail will be opened, converted into digital form, reviewed for safety/security concerns or criminal activity and if approved, released to the inmate to view. Any mail that is deemed a safety/security concern or for persons no longer in custody will be rejected. To ensure proper receipt and delivery of mail to an inmate, all mail must be addressed as follows: Garfield County Jail, Colorado Inmate’s Name; Inmate’s Booking Number PO Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Attorney Inmate Mail All mail containing attorney-client privileged communications must be clearly marked as “Privileged Mail” with your name and professional address in the upper-left corner. This mail may only include professional/privileged correspondence to the inmate. Any mail containing material that is not professional/privileged will be returned in its entirety. Items that may cause the return of any “Privileged Mail” include, but are not limited to, the following: Greeting cards; paperclips; staples; post-it notes; tape; whiteout/correction tape; and any non-paper item. Digital discovery can be mailed to the “digital discovery” address below. If you are unsure about whether your correspondence will be accepted, please call the facility before mailing. (For mail marked “Privileged Mail”) Garfield County Jail Inmate’s Name 107 8th Street Glenwood Springs, CO 81601 (For digital discovery) Garfield County Jail Digital Discovery – Inmate’s Name 107 8th Street Glenwood Springs, CO 81601 Telephone Calls Inmates cannot receive incoming telephone calls. Pre-paid/Collect call telephones for outgoing local, long distance and international calls are available in each housing unit. Inmates may purchase phone time for use while housed in our facility. (See Inmate Accounts page) All inmate phone calls are subject to monitoring and recording. Inmate Messaging & Photos You may send inmates emails/texts/photos for a nominal fee by setting up an account with www.gettingout.com . (See Inmate Accounts page) Items For Inmates Other than approved medical items, no property will be allowed to drop off at this facility. Medical items may be brought to the Bondsmen’s Entrance for review before being accepted by the Garfield County Sheriff’s Office Medical Staff. Money may be added to an inmate’s books utilizing several options. (See Inmate Accounts page.) Books may be purchased and mailed directly from a verifiable book distributor/reseller. Books must be new in condition, softback and not pose a safety/security concern to this facility. Inmates are limited to the amount of books they may possess at a time. Please check with the inmate before purchasing a book. Note: Some book distributors/resellers use a drop-shipment method, which may cause the book to come from a source that is not verifiable and this purchase will be shipped back to sender. Protect Your Property Register Anything with a Serial Number Registration is Fast, Easy, & FREE Help Get Your Lost or Stolen Property Returned to You! Learn More Create an Account Garfield County Emergency Alert Program The Garfield County Mass Notification service allows us to alert you. You opt-in to enter your contact information and subscribe to notifications you care about based on your location. The information you provide is protected and will not be used for any other purpose. Commend a Deputy Did a Deputy standout and provide exceptional service? Please click the link below and let us know! Compliments Suggestions? Our goal is to provide excellence in Law Enforcement. If you have a suggestion or complaint, please click below. Submit Suggestion Questions? Our Patrol & Detentions staff are available 24/7/365 to provide the assistance you need. Click below for contact info. Contact Us EMPLOYMENT Facebook Instagram Twitter Linkedin PRESS © 2026 Garfield County Sheriff's Office , All Rights Reserved. Website Security by WP Commander | Photo Credits: TK Photography Search Submit