Home - The Perry County Sheriff's Office Menu (501) 889-2333 Perry County Sheriff's Office Welcome to Perry County! Formed December 3, 1840, Perry County is located in central Arkansas. Perry County is 556 square miles of rural living, beautiful national forests, numerous lakes and much more. It is the home to 10,500 friendly people. The sheriff and his department take pride in working to keep this county safe and beautiful 365 days a year! Welcome Perry County Sheriff Ricky Don Jones A message from Sheriff Jones As your Sheriff, I would like to welcome you to the Perry County Sheriff’s Office website. It is our goal to be proactive and provide you with information that will enhance your knowledge of the Sheriff’s Office and improve the quality of life for the citizens of Perry County. We hold ourselves ACCOUNTABLE to the public and to the principles of HONESTY and INTEGRITY, with the goal to INSPIRE CONFIDENCE in the Sheriff’s Office for all the citizens of Perry County. Your concern, vigilance and willingness to become involved are critical to our success and we appreciate that the citizens take an active part in the support and safety of their community and this office. We feel the features of our website are beneficial in the process of keeping you informed. I hope that you will take advantage of our website and as always, if you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact us. Core Values Community Responsiveness Integrity Teamwork Effort SERVICES Quick Links ACIC Sex Offender Registry Perry Co Detention Center Commissary Perry Co Detention Center Inmates/Booking Crime Tip HOTline Do you have a crime tip? Make a report now. Call Now Welcome to our new website. June 2, 2023 No Comments To stay informed about the latest happenings in our community, it is crucial to regularly check the Perry County Arkansas Sheriff’s latest Read More » View All Locate Registered Sex Offenders Search sex offender registries for all 50 states, The District of Columbia, U.S. Territories, and Indian Country. Search the National Sex Offender Registry Contact Us Crime Tip Hotline | (501)889-5708 Non-Emergency Phone | (501) 889-2333 P.O. Box 146 511 Aplin Avenue. Perryville, AR 72126 Facebook-f Admin Office Hours Monday - Friday 8:00am - 4:30pm Quick Links Menu Perry County Sheriff's Office | © 2023 Perry County, Arkansas. WEB SERVICES PROVIDED BY ARKANSASADMIN a division of MASS ENTHUSIASM