Erie County Sheriff's Office Skip to Main Content Open Top Navigation Erie County Sheriff's Office Erie County Sheriff's Office Civilian Fingerprinting Community Crime Map Community Service Program Concealed Handgun License Dispatch Center Dispatch Log General Information Homeland Security Jail FAQs Jail Roster Links / Resources Most Wanted Policies and Procedures Project Lifesaver Report Search Residence Check Sheriff Sales Sex Offenders Submit A Tip Online Warrant List Winter Road Condition Advisory Levels Find Us On Facebook To Report Benefit Fraud Erie County Notification System Mission Statement The primary mission of the Erie County Sheriff's Office is to provide the citizens of - and visitors to - Erie County with the most efficient, effective, and professional law enforcement services possible in our ongoing efforts to protect life and property. As a contemporary law enforcement agency, the Erie County Sheriff's Office has developed organizational policies and procedures to guide agency employees in their efforts to prevent crime and disorder and to ensure that individual civil liberties are protected. Watch a video outlining some of the duties of the Sheriff in Ohio, courtesy of Buckeye State Sheriff's Assocation. Paul Sigsworth, Sheriff Community Resources Sheriff Job Postings Buckeye State Sheriffs' Association Local Law Enforcement Agencies Community Crime Map Dispatch Log Jail Roster Report Search Warrant List Report a Blocked Railroad Crossing Downloadable Documents School Bus Violation Form Public Records Policy Records Retention Schedule Organizational Chart Worldwide/Federal Websites America's Most Wanted FBI U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms U.S. Department Of Justice U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration U.S. Marshals Service State Agencies Websites Concealed Carry Law Ohio Attorney General's Office Ohio Bureau Of Criminal Identification and Investigation Ohio Bureau Of Motor Vehicles Ohio Department Of Public Safety Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction Ohio Offender Database Ohio Office of Criminal Justice Services Ohio Revised Code Ohio State Highway Patrol Supreme Court of Ohio Associations Websites Buckeye State Sheriffs' Association International Narcotic Enforcement Officers Association National Sheriffs' Association Keeping Kids Safe Websites D.A.R.E. America Ohio's Missing Children Miscellaneous Internal and External Sites Correctional Billing Services Ohio Peace Officers Training Academy Victim Assistance - Erie County Quick Links Employment Opportunities Pay Your Property Taxes ADA Compliance Statement School CMS Created by LINQ © 2026. Erie County Ohio. All Rights Reserved.