Norfolk Sheriff's Office Skip to main content Home Join Team NSO Deputy Sheriff Maintenance Mechanic About About Us NSO Mission/Values/Motto/Purpose Sheriff Joseph "Joe" Baron Senior Staff Members History PREA Report a Sexual Assault Annual Indicators Commendations Volunteer Opportunities ADA Compliance COVID-19 Community Policing Data Provided by the Virginia Open Data Portal Our Fallen Divisions Corrections Security Threat Unit (STU) Civil Process Investigations/Professional Standards Court Security Human Resources Training Community Corrections Community Affairs Inmates General Information Inmate Handbook in English Manual del Recluso en Español Inmate Lookup Inmate Tablet Program Visitation Attorney/Client Visitation Canteen Services 811 Marketplace Inmate Property Reentry Programs Inmate Library Inmate Mail Inmate Health Inmate Telephone Inmate Emergency Notification Inmate Services Community The Sheriff Joe Baron Foundation Sports Camps Summer Camps Camp HOPE Norfolk Senior Fest Senior Watch Safety Print ID Program Project Lifesaver Triad Partnership LGBTQ Liaison Life Enrichment Center Tutoring Program Invite NSO Community Affairs to participate in your event Camp HOPE Norfolk Consumer Protection Common Scams Fraud Watch Newsletter News NSO Times News Releases Media Coverage Media Relations FOIA Requests Contact Us Commend an Employee File a Complaint Report a Sexual Assault Social Media Policy Criminal History / Background Checks FOIA Requests Ph: (757) 664-4700 Ph: (757) 664-4700 Phone: (757) 664-4700 We've Moved! To facilitate the renovation of our administration building, we've temporarily relocated to a building a few minutes away at 538 Front Street. Learn More! Sheriff Joe Baron and the Norfolk Sheriff's Office's Consumer Protection Unit are seeing an increase in fraud and jury duty scams. As a reminder, please don't send money to people you don't know. Click HERE to Learn More! The Norfolk Sheriff's Office wants YOU! Join the ranks of the people at one of the Best Places to Work in Hampton Roads. Check out our jobs site for great employment opportunities and learn why you should come work for NSO! Learn More! Camp HOPE Norfolk This groundbreaking camp, which offers a clinically-proven curriculum designed to help children overcome trauma to lead more hopeful lives, is being offered by the Norfolk Sheriff’s Office in collaboration with the Family Justice Center. Learn More! Help us stock our Inmate Library Because we've been forced to end deliveries of books from outside sources due to contraband getting into the jail, we've created a Wish List of books on Amazon to give the public a way to contribute towards helping us increase our inmates' available reading materials. Learn More! Learn about our Consumer Protection Unit and its main mission called: Learn More Now Hiring Difference Makers The Norfolk Sheriff's Office is seeking applicants for the position of Deputy Sheriff. We are looking for men and women with a love of community and service. We offer good pay; medical, dental, vision, retirement and life insurance benefits; tuition assistance, and more. WE ARE ALSO OFFERING A $5,000 SIGNING INCENTIVE. Come find out why NSO has been repeatedly voted one of the best places to work in Hampton Roads. Read more Purchase a Meal for an Inmate We're proud to offer this option for friends and family to order their loved ones fresh, hot meals, delivered daily, that they'll truly enjoy. Each inmate is allowed two such meals per day. You can easily choose your selection on the 811 Market Place webpage. You can also order snacks and personal items for your inmate on our Canteen Services page. Read more Prevent Fraud and Scam Attempts Fraud Watch is a complete toolbox that consumers can use to track down information that they can use to identify efforts to defraud them, as well as how to help protect themselves and their loved ones from such attempts. Here you'll find links to great resources, videos to help inform you and a way to report fraud attempts to NSO. Read more Now Hiring Difference Makers The Norfolk Sheriff's Office is seeking applicants for the position of Deputy Sheriff. We are looking for men and women with a love of community and service. We offer good pay; medical, dental, vision, retirement and life insurance benefits; tuition assistance, and more. WE ARE ALSO OFFERING A $5,000 SIGNING INCENTIVE. Come find out why NSO has been repeatedly voted one of the best places to work in Hampton Roads. Purchase a Meal for an Inmate We're proud to offer this option for friends and family to order their loved ones fresh, hot meals, delivered daily, that they'll truly enjoy. Each inmate is allowed two such meals per day. You can easily choose your selection on the 811 Marketplace webpage. You can also order snacks and personal items for your inmate on our Canteen Services page. Prevent Fraud and Scam Attempts Fraud Watch is a complete toolbox that consumers can use to track down information that they can use to identify efforts to defraud them, as well as how to help protect themselves and their loved ones from such attempts. Here you'll find links to great resources, videos to help inform you and a way to report fraud attempts to NSO. Read more Read more Read more NSO News Releases Norfolk Sheriff's Office Opens New Medical Clinic Inside Norfolk City Jail Norfolk Sheriff’s Office Captain Graduates From FBI National Academy Norfolk Sheriff’s Office Raising Awareness to Scam Targeting Citizens Inmates Charged After Drugs Confiscated Norfolk Sheriff’s Office Inmate Lookup Tool Is Back! 5th Annual Camp HOPE Norfolk to Be Held Next Week Arrest of Norfolk Sheriff’s Office Civilian Employee NSO and Sheriff Joe Baron Foundation to Host Free Summer Camp Norfolk City Jail Awarded National Accreditation for Quality Health Care Services Norfolk Law Enforcement Agencies to Participate in the Law Enforcement Torch Run for Special Olympics Norfolk Sheriff’s Office Captain Is First to Graduate From the FBI National Academy Inmate Death Investigation Go There Learn More Learn More Learn More Learn More Learn More “You have a person in jail, and they’re probably at their lowest point. We want to give them hope; to give them options.” We Are Passionate About Rehabilitation We strive to provide every resource possible to help our inmates reenter the community with a clear path towards leading a law-abiding and productive lifestyle. We especially feel our efforts are worthwhile when a previously incarcerated individual is never again placed in our custody. Reentry Programs Inmate Visitation Inmates in the Community Hire an Inmate Norfolk Sheriff's Office. All rights reserved. Login/Logout Local Weather Weather in Norfolk June 26th, 2026 - 2:59 Overcast Clouds 73°F 70°F min 74°F max 5:47 20:28 Humidity: 84% Wind: 2.0 mph S Pressure: 1,018 hPa Visibility: not obstructed