Inmate Mail 
Mailing Address: 
InmateŌĆÖs Full Name 
Teller County Jail 
PO Box 730 
Divide, CO 80814 
Note: All mail must be mailed in to this facility through the U.S. Postal Service, or similar 
delivery service, no mail is permitted to be ŌĆ£dropped off."  
All mail is opened and inspected. When an inmate has been released or transferred, incoming 
mail is returned to sender, mail is not forwarded. 
Be sure to place your return address in the upper left corner of the envelope or hand write or 
type it in the body of your letter (do not place an address label inside on the letter/card as 
this would be considered a sticker). Any mail that does not meet the following requirements 
will be returned to sender. The inmate will be informed in writing as to why the mail was 
rejected. 
Basic allowed item include but not limited to: 
’éĘ As many letters as you would like, there is no limit on the length of the letter. Also, letters 
can be hand written or typed. 
’éĘ Greeting cards, the plainer the better, standard size is best, but none larger than 8.5 x 11 
inches when fully opened. 
’éĘ Photographs (whether from a camera or computer), no more than 5 in an envelope, all 
photographs must be 4 x 6 inches or smaller. 
’éĘ Paperback books from a publisher or on line distributor (Barnes & Noble.com, Amazon.com, 
etc.), no blank journals are accepted, and none larger than 8.5 x 11 x 3 inches thick. All 
books must have a standard binding, no plastic or wire spiral bindings are accepted. 
’éĘ Drawings created with erasable colored pencils, ball point pens, or lead pencil. 
’éĘ Prescription reading glasses are accepted. 
Things you are not allowed to send: 
’éĘ Inmate to Inmate correspondence is prohibited unless approved by the Sgt. or Jail 
Commander 
’éĘ Do not include any information about another inmate 
’éĘ Do not saturate contents of envelope with any kind of liquid 
’éĘ Do not laminate anything being sent in

’éĘ No plastic, glass, metal, or sticky substance of any kind 
’éĘ No Stains on the letter or any of the contents in the envelope  
’éĘ No unknown substances caked on the letter or any of the contents in the envelope. 
’éĘ No lipstick marks or other greasy/oily stains. 
’éĘ No tape, glue, or foam adhesive pads 
’éĘ No construction paper or hard cardboard 
’éĘ No homemade cards, glitter/sparkles, soft foam figures, or confetti 
’éĘ No craft paper, scrapbook paper, or other specialty paper 
’éĘ No temporary tattoos or stickers (including address labels) inside the envelope on the letter, 
card, or photographs 
’éĘ No crayon, paint/water colors, gel pen, grease colored pencils, marker drawings, magnets, 
wax seals, food, or white out (tape or liquid) 
’éĘ No staples, paperclips, or binder clips 
’éĘ No mechanical cards, that light up or play music. 
’éĘ No cards with plastic google eyes, wire springs, ribbons, or feathers 
’éĘ No oversized cards, maximum size accepted is 8.5 x 11 inches when fully opened 
’éĘ No Lottery tickets, phone cards, credit/debit cards, or plastic prayer cards 
’éĘ No CDŌĆÖs, DVDŌĆÖs, cassettes, or records 
’éĘ No personal checks, unless the inmate needs to sign them for bills to be paid 
’éĘ No Social Security, Payroll, VA Compensation, Settlement, Reimbursement, Tax Refund, 
Dividend, or similar type checks will be placed on an inmateŌĆÖs account. These types of 
checks will either be placed into the inmateŌĆÖs property until the inmates release or the 
inmate can endorse them and mail them out at the inmateŌĆÖs expense. 
’éĘ No stationary products; (paper, postage stamps, envelopes, pens). Inmates have to 
purchase these items through commissary. 
’éĘ No clippings or copies of clippings from newspaper or magazine articles 
’éĘ No pages or copies of pages from books or magazines 
’éĘ No clothing or fabric items 
’éĘ No jewelry or tobacco products 
’éĘ No illegal drugs 
’éĘ All outgoing mail is read and inspected. 
Photographs: 
’éĘ No oversized photographs, maximum size allowed is 4 x 6 inches or smaller. 
’éĘ No pornographic/lewd photographs or drawings

’éĘ No nude photographs to include photographs of infants 
’éĘ No Polaroid photographs 
’éĘ No more than 5 pictures in an envelope. 
Books: 
’éĘ No books are accepted from a private individual or a bookstore street address. 
’éĘ No books are accepted if the contents are pornographic or lewd in nature. 
’éĘ No books are accepted that teach fighting/tactical skills, weapons manufacture, or 
chemicals/drug materials 
’éĘ No oversized books are accepted, maximum size is 8.5 x 11 x 3 inches thick. 
’éĘ No blank Journals are accepted 
’éĘ No magazines or newspapers, these will not be accepted 
*ALL MAIL IS SUBJECT TO REJECTION AT OFFICERS DISCRETION*