Inmate Services Sign In Create Account My Account Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com My Account Sign out Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com Home Red Speed Cameras Join Our Team Sheriff Services Command Staff Records Court Services Your Opinion Matters Detention Jail Operations Inmate Services Visitation Schedule HEADQUARTERS Headquarters Resources Photos Field Operations Uniform Patrol Criminal Investigations Campus Law Enforcement Co-Response Unit Hire an Off Duty Deputy Community Programs PSO Training Sex Offender Alien Track Report Account My Account Sign out Sign In My Account FIND INMATES The information made available on JailTracker is for the general public and law enforcement to promote the interest of public safety. SEARCH INMATE SERVICES ACCOUNTS Family and friends can deposit funds into an inmate's account for commissary purchases, medical services, etc. Deposits can be made directly to an inmate's account in the PSO front lobby by cash or a debit or credit card using the Legacy Jail ATM. Online deposits may also be made via the internet using a creditor debit card.A link is provided to inmate funds through the www.jailatm.com website, fees may apply. MEDICAL SERVICES While incarcerated, inmates receive in-house medical, dental, and mental health treatment through the current contracted medical service provider, Southern Health Partners. The direct number for medical inquiries-is (706)-253-8955. INMATE TELEPHONES Inmates are allowed to make collect calls from the facility's telephone services between the hours of 6 am to 2 pm and from 4 pm to 10 pm. Inmates who are on disciplinary segregation are not allowed to make general phone calls. Individuals who experience trouble accepting calls from an inmate or have questions about their bill may contact Paytel at 1-800-729-8355. Jail personnel will not pass on any personal messages to inmates. Any family emergencies will be directed to supervisory personnel. COURT CLOTHES Clothing for inmates with an assigned jury trial date may be given to the inmate's attorney, and with supervisor permission the inmate will be allowed to change at the courthouse. MAIL SERVICES Effective May 15, 2026 The Pickens County Adult Detention Center has updated its process for sending mail to inmates. This change is being made to continue to provide the safest and most efficient service for the inmates. All personal inmate mail (except as noted below) shall be mailed by the sender directly to the JailATM.com central facility, where the mail will be opened, scanned, and sent electronically/emailed to the inmate at the jail. Outgoing mail procedures from the Pickens County Adult Detention Center will continue to be written on postcards. Personal inmate mail shall be mailed to the following address utilizing existing Jail rules and regulations; however, it will no longer need to be written on a postcard. JailATM.com - Pickens Sheriff's Office Inmate Name (first and last)/Inmate ID 925B Peachtree St. NE Box 2062 Atlanta, GA 30309 Legal Mail: Legal Mail shall continue to be mailed directly to the Pickens County Adult Detention Center in accordance with existing Jail rules and regulations Books: Books must be sent directly to the jail and will only be accepted if sent directly from a publisher or legitimate retail business, and must be paperback. Mail sent directly to the Pickens County Adult Detention Center shall be addressed as follows: Inmate Name (first and last)/Inmate ID number Pickens Sheriff's Office 2985 Camp Road Jasper, GA 30143 BONDING INFORMATION Cash Bonds: Cash must be paid in the exact amount of the total bond. The Sheriff's Office cannot make change. Professional Bonds: A list of professional bonding companies with phone number is displayed on the electronic bulletin board in the lobby area. Property Bonds: Individuals owning real estate in Pickens County must bring their deed (warranty, executor's. quit claim, or administrator's, conveyance), current mortgage statement, paid tax receipt for the most recent year, and photo identification. All individuals on the deed must be present to secure property for a bond. Approved Property Bonds: Individuals owning property in another county in Georgia may take their deed, paid tax receipt, and photo identification to the Sheriff's Office in the county where the property is located and request an approved bond for Pickens County. If approved, the bond paperwork must be delivered to the Pickens County Adult Detention Center in a sealed envelope. A bond processing fee is assessed to all bonds in the amount of $20.00. Exact change is required. PICKENS COUNTY WEB GIFT PACKS Sweet & Salty Sweet & Salty Mix Popcorn Pretzels Sunflower Kernels Lays Chips Gold-N-Chee Honey Roasted Peanuts Crunch Munch Honeybun Gem Donuts Peppermint 3 Musketeers To order a gift pack: Click Here Fiery Hot Hot Fries JP Cheetos Flaming Peanuts JP Pretzel Pieces Hot Pork Skins Spicy Salsa Rounds JP Cheddar Crackers JP Cheese Squeezers Hot & Spicy Sausage Pepper Jack Cheese Snack Crackers Fireballs Noodle Snack Pack Chili Noodles (4) Cajun Chicken Noodles (4) Soy Noodles (4) Chicken Noodles (4) Beef Noodles (4) Shrimp Noodles (4) Snack Crackers Beef and Cheese Sticks (2) Cheezits (2) The Monster Simply Basics Stamped Postcards (3) Writing Pad Crossword Puzzle Cinnamon Roll Iced Honey Bun Swiss Roll Box Butterfinger Cookies Sour Cream & Cheddar Doritos Honey Mustard Pretzels M&Ms Peanut Butter Cups Sour Fruit BAlls Trail Mix Snack Crackers Cheese Squeezer Peanut Butter Squeezer Jelly Squeezer Beef Sticks Orange Drink (6 pack) Simply Basics Simply Basics 4 oz Shampoo 4 oz Conditioner Dial Soap Colgate Toothpaste 4 oz Body Lotion Deodorant Stick Stamped Post Cards (4) Coffee Break Coffee Break Coffee Break Colombian Coffee (2) Cappuccino Vanilla (3) Sweetener Creamer Packs Hot Chocolate (2) Swiss Roll Toaster Pastry Box Nutrigrain Bar Sweet Tooth Coffee Break Coffee Break Kit Kat M&Ms Plain Snickers 3 Musketeers Butterfinger Peanut Butter Cups Iced Honey Bun Caco Choc Cookies Nutty Bar Box Peppermint Butterscotch Chic O Stick Home Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Pickens Sheriff's Office 2985 Camp Rd Jasper, GA 706-253-8900 Copyright © 2026 Pickens County Georgia Sheriff's Office - All Rights Reserved. Powered by This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept