Inmate Mail Rules & Address | Flagler County Sheriff's Office Skip to main content RICK STALY, SHERIFF "An Honor to Serve, A Duty to Protect" Inmate Mail Policy The Sheriff Perry Hall Inmate Detention Facility has contracted with IC Solutions to provide electronic mail services . All personal mail such as letters, pictures, and drawings will be digitally delivered to inmates via tablets. Effective Oct. 8, 2025 , inmate postal mail must be sent to the following address: Flagler County Jail Inmate Name, Inmate ID (Example: John Smith, #000123456) P.O. Box 16120 Jonesboro, AR 72401 To ensure your mail gets delivered, you must include the full facility name and state where the facility is located, as well as the inmate’s unique identifier. Please also note that the sender’s full name and physical address must be clearly written on the top left corner of the envelope. Upon release, inmates can log in to the Smart Inmate public website and enter their inmate number and password to download their photos, messages, and postal mail for FREE for prior SMART Communications. Legal mail and court documents should continue to be sent to the facility directly at: Flagler County Jail 1002 Justice Lane Bunnell, FL 32110 All mail will be processed daily Monday through Saturday (excluding holidays). Inmates can retrieve mail on the same day that it is processed. Inmates cannot receive cash or personal checks in the mail. Personal checks and cash (along with the letter) will be returned to the sender. Unauthorized packages to include books, magazines or any other publications addressed to an inmate (either through U.S. Mail, private delivery service, etc.) or brought to the front lobby will not be accepted. These items will be refused and marked “return to sender.” Any approved items not normally issued by the facility may be purchased from the Inmate Canteen. All items received through the mail that contain contraband or are unauthorized (such as hard back books, items that can be purchased through canteen such as envelopes and stamps) will be returned to the sender in its entirety. The inmate shall be notified in writing when incoming or outgoing letters are rejected. Any incoming mail containing photographs, drawings, or cartoons displaying nudity or sexually graphic content may be rejected in whole or in part. Contact Us DO NOT REPORT CRIMES OR INCIDENTS OF ANY TYPE BY E-MAIL OR FACEBOOK. THESE SOURCES ARE NOT MONITORED 24 HOURS A DAY. EMERGENCY: 9-1-1 NON-EMERGENCY: 386-313-4911 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. Name * First Last Zip Code * Email * Comments Submit Inmate Search CLICK BELOW TO SEARCH FOR AN INMATE AT THE FLAGLER COUNTY DETENTION FACILITY Search In accordance with Florida Statute § 119.12, information on requesting public records can be found on the Public Records Request page. Florida has a very broad public records law per Florida State Statute 119. If you do not want your email address to become a public record, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. Cold Case C.O.P Vacation Watch Request FCSO Videos Inmate Search News Releases Public Information Office Record Requests Report a Traffic Concern Sex Offenders/Predators Submit A Crime Tip FOLLOW US! FCSO Social Media Facebook image instagram image twitter image youtube image P.A.L. Social Media Facebook Image QUICK LINKS 2025 Annual Report Alarm Emergency Contact Form An Honor to Serve Background Checks Commander’s Reports Crime Stoppers Found/Unclaimed Property Homeowners’ Rights/Squatters HR218 newsletters victims services VINELink Hire An Off-Duty Deputy domestic-violence-help jail visitation Inmate Medical Crime Mapping Connect Flagler County Camera Program Disaster Preparedness private civil service program FortifyFL Commend or Concern employment Biased Policing Statement UNF Manpower Study 1 UNF Manpower Study 2 Flagler County Sheriff's Office