Jail – Garfield County Sheriff | Panguitch, Utah Skip to content Garfield County Sheriff's Office: 375 North 700 West Panguitch, Utah 84759 435-676-2678 For All Emergencies DIAL 9-1-1 Home Jail Inmate Commissary Catalogue Personal Property Report Crime Submit a Tip Traffic Complaint Animal Cruelty Complaint Code Ethics Submitting a Complaint Fraud Info. Warrants Search & Rescue Utah Search and Rescue Assistance Card Policy Employment Policy ALPR GRAMA Info Jail You are here: Home Jail Jail Commander: Jason Miller Jail Visiting Hours: Thursday thru Sunday 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. No cell phone or cameras are permitted during visits. Picture ID is required. (We reserve the right to refuse any visit and also the right to search those visiting.) For any comments or questions regarding the jail contact Jason Miller at jason.miller@garfield.utah.gov Mailing Address: Garfield County Jail P.O. Box 370 Panguitch, Utah 84759 Physical Address: 375 North 700 West Panguitch, Utah 84759 Inmate Mail – Important Update In an effort to keep contraband out of the Garfield County Jail Facility the Garfield County Sheriff’s Office is implementing a new system for sending documents, photos and mail to inmates. If you wish to send documents, photos and mail to inmates, we now have a quicker and more efficient method using our new Inmate Messaging system where you just go to www.NCIC.com and set up an account. You can then easily send messages to an inmate for instant delivery. You can also take a picture of any documents and attach to these messages. Messages are only $0.25 per messages and Picture Messages / Documents are only $0.35 per picture. This is much cheaper than postage, envelopes and the time it takes to mail a letter and the inmate will receive the message and/or picture instantly. There are no limits on how many messages and photos that can be sent to inmates. Starting December 1, 2023, all inmate mail, EXCEPT for legal and medical mail , must be mailed to the following address utilizing existing Garfield County Sheriff’s Office Jail mail rules. All legal and medical mail must be mailed to the Garfield County Jail: “WARNING” Any mail that is sent to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 for processing will NOT be returned or released. Once the mail is processed and received electronically by the inmate it will be destroyed. This includes pictures or anything else mailed to the processing facility. By sending the mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 you agree to the items being destroyed and understand that anything you mail to PO Box 591, Longview, Texas 75606 will not be returned or reimbursed for. No legal or medical mail will be accepted. Inmate Name SO# Garfield County Jail PO BOX 591 Longview, Texas 75606 | Garfield County Sheriff | Panguitch, Utah | Site by St. George Design Home Jail Inmate Commissary Catalogue Personal Property Report Crime Submit a Tip Traffic Complaint Animal Cruelty Complaint Code Ethics Submitting a Complaint Fraud Info. Warrants Search & Rescue Utah Search and Rescue Assistance Card Policy Employment Policy ALPR GRAMA Info Main Menu Go to Top