Fayette County Jail Fayette County, Texas Skip Navigation Fayette County Texas HOME CONTACT US TRANSLATE GO Quicklinks Corrections The Fayette County Jail is housed at the Fayette County Justice Center located at 1646 North Jefferson, La Grange, Texas. The Fayette County Jail is fully dedicated to the citizens of this community in its effort to provide and maintain a safe and secured facility in which to lawfully detain and house inmates. The Fayette County Jail fully recognizes its responsibility to the citizens of this community to operate this facility in the most cost-effective manner possible. The Fayette County Jail deems that the purpose of this facility is to lawfully detain individuals charged with violation of all applicable laws. All inmates are treated fairly and justly without regard to race, gender, religion, or age. The inmate's health and safety is maintained by providing a nutritional diet and adequate medical care. The Fayette County Jail is committed to maintaining a professional and well-trained correctional staff. The Fayette County Jail recognizes the importance of the correctional staff in assuring safety and efficiency in the operation of the jail. The correctional staff maintains the highest level of security by adhering to proper supervision of inmates, security management, and facility control. The correctional staff of the Fayette County Jail are provided the necessary resources needed to perform their duties. Inmates classified as minimum security risk have the opportunity to work outside the jail on the Inmate Work Detail Crew which is supervised by an armed officer. They offer services to Fayette County that include landscaping, trash pick up for the Adopt A Highway program (approximately 30 miles) and various other jobs for non-profit organizations. The Fayette County Jail is under the command of: Bradley Neville, Jail Administrator There are 16 Jailers employed who are certified through the Texas Commission of Jail Standards. The Fayette County jail Currently has a 45 bed capacity. Visiting Hours for inmates are as follows: Thursdays Female 8:00 AM to 9:00 AM Male 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM 1:00 PM to 2:00 PM 2:00 PM to 4:00PM Sundays Female 9:00 AM to 10:00 AM Male 10:00 AM to 11:45 AM 3:00 PM to 4:00 PM 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM To place money on an inmates phone please contact Prodigy Solutions at : 1-866-700-4545 or www.Prodigysales.com To place money on an inmates commissary account or order a care package please go to the website listed below: www.lonestarcommissary.com Meet the Sheriff Law Enforcement Corrections Communications Crimestoppers Reserve Racial Profiling Employment Contact Links Fayette County Website Home Provided by the Texas Association of Counties Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials Copyright © {{YEAR}} {{COUNTY}} {{STATE}} powered by ezTask Titanium TM