Berkshire County Sheriff's Office - Skip to content (413) 443-7220 info@sdb.state.ma.us What's New: 911 Dispatch Applications Berkshire County Community Spotlight Veterans Day 2020 Quick Links Career Opportunities Forms Contact Us Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube For Career Opportunities Click The Links Below Currently accepting applications for the following: -Corrections Officer Click Here to download Employment Application PDF The Berkshire County Sheriff's Office, along with Securus Technologies is pleased to announce the roll out of Video Visitation. The service is now operational and family members need to enroll at www.securustech.net This is just another effort the Sheriff has... News Veterans Day 2020 November 11, 2020 November 11, 2020 With our hearts filled with gratitude and eyes filled with tears, we... Read More Hampden County Sheriff’s Department “Rise Up” Video August 25, 2020 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm_iCITngoo Read More Events 2019 North Adams Cop On Top 2019 North Adams Cop On Top Hosted by LETR and Berkshire County Sheriff’s Office... TOYS FOR TOTS Ultimate Musical Bingo The Berkshire County Sheriff’s Office and the Marine Corps League Pittsfield Detachment 137, is... 2019 Western Massachusetts Special Olympics/LETR Conference for First Responders Come and Join Local First Responders from Berkshire County at the 2019 Massachusetts Special... The Berkshire County Sheriff’s Office is the largest law enforcement agency in Berkshire County. Located in Pittsfield, Mass., the Sheriff’s Office oversees the county Jail and House of Correction. We currently hold dual accreditation with the American Correctional Association (ACA) as well as the National Commission on Correctional Health Care (NCCHC). The 30 towns and 2 cities in Berkshire County are encompassed within 946 square miles of rural, mountainous terrain. The Sheriff offers an array of support and services within the community partnering with various local public safety agencies. These partnerships include Berkshire County Law Enforcement Task Force, FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF), US Marshalls Task Force, FBI Western MA Gang Task Force, Anti-Crime Unit, Dive Team and the Berkshire County Special Response Team (SRT). The Sheriff’s Office is headed by Sheriff Thomas Bowler, who was elected Sheriff in 2010 after serving over 24 years with the Pittsfield Police Department as a detective. The Sheriff oversees a staff of over 200 employees and manages an annual operating budget of $21.5 million. This message is only visible to admins. Problem displaying Facebook posts. Backup cache in use. Click to show error Error: (#200) Provide valid app ID Type: OAuthException Berkshire County Sheriff’s Office About Assistant Superintendent Michael Huggins Contact Us Career Opportunities What’s New Useful Links Translate »