Manitowoc County - Inmate Communications - Manitowoc County Inmate Communications - Manitowoc County Skip to main content Skip to page body Departments Jail Inmate Communications Send Mail to an Inmate All Non-Legal/Personal Mail must be addressed in the following manner: Include full return Name and address to include city, state and zip code Addressed to: Inmate Name and ID# Manitowoc County Jail, Wisconsin PO BOX 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Failure to properly address the envelope will result in the mail being returned to sender, or disposed of it no return address. Once the mail is received at the Cidnet/TextBehind Digital Mail Center it will be digitally scanned and available to be viewed electronically. Pictures, drawings etc. will be accepted for scanning and delivered in the same electronic manner. In addition, any letter containing legal mail, or any form of currency will be returned to the sender. The facility will directly accept: Legal Mail Brand new soft covered books sent directly through Barnes and Noble or Bookshop.org Newspapers must come through a paid subscription Money Orders – Payroll Checks – Cashier Checks – Cash All currency must be sent to the attention of accounting as depicted below No personal letters may accompany this currency or the entirety of the envelope will be returned to sender Any mail containing currency must be addressed directly to the facility as follows: Include full return Name and address to include city, state and zip code Addressed to: Manitowoc County Jail Attention Accounting Inmate Name and ID # 1025 S 9th St Manitowoc, WI 54220 Phone Calls from an Inmate Phones are located in the cellblocks for their use. Inmate may inform family/friend of whereabouts through a recorded message, if they have no funds. Inmate may purchase communication data with funds from their commissary account, allowing them to make a personal call. Calls are limited to 15 minutes per call. The inmate will need to redial each time the conversation is terminated. To set up an account, visit their website . Phone Calls to an Inmate No messages will be passed on to an inmate. You may contact them through the mail/ email/ sms/ video visit only. Send emails to Inmate Go to CIDNET to create an account. Once on the site, scroll down to “Brochure” to get step-by-step setup instructions. ALL correspondences are scanned by Manitowoc County Jail staff before transmission is complete. If a correspondence is flagged (contains questionable verbiage/ content), it will be denied. Canteen, Hygiene & Writing Materials If an inmate has funds, they can purchase hygiene, writing materials & canteen weekly. As well, family and friends may purchase items for the inmate online . An inmate must have $1.00 or less in their account for 3 consecutive days to be considered indigent. An indigent inmate may order indigent hygiene items & writing materials only, weekly. © 2026 Manitowoc County, WI