Sheriff's Office | Onslow County, NC Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Animal Services Sex Offender Registry SHERIFF COMMON SERVICES Quickly Find What You Are Looking For Policies, Permits, and Forms Business Registration Residential Security Checks Accreditation Public Comment Portal /QuickLinks.aspx LATEST NEWS Stay Up-To-Date With the Onslow County Sheriff's Office Proposed FY27 Budget Book The fiscal year 2027 proposed budget is now available for viewing. The budget public hearing and potential adoption is schedule for the Board of Commissioners' Regular Meeting at 6PM on June 15, 2026, Additional Info... OCSO Annual Report 2025 The Onslow County Sheriff's Office is honored to present the 2025 Annual Report. This report reflects our renewed focus to protect life, property, uphold the Constitution and laws, and serve every neighborhood of Onslow County. Read on... Experienced Patrol Deputies Needed – Onslow County Sheriff’s Office The Onslow County Sheriff’s Office is looking for experienced patrol deputies who want to serve a growing community while advancing their career. NC BLET REQUIRED. Minimum 3–4 years law enforcement experience preferred. Read on... YOUNG PEOPLE INTERESTED IN LAW ENFORCEMENT? The Onslow County Sheriff’s Office Explorers Program is a hands-on opportunity for young men and women 14-20 years old and are interested in a career in law enforcement or a related criminal justice field. Read on... DOWNLOAD THE FREE SHERIFF'S OFFICE APP Stay informed, stay prepared, and stay connected with the free Onslow County Sheriff’s Office mobile app! Get instant alerts for traffic delays, major incidents, public safety updates, sex offender information, community news, and more. Read on... STATEWIDE BOND SCAM ALERT The Onslow County Sheriff’s Office is alerting the public to a scam in which individuals are impersonating detention staff in an effort to extort money from families of inmates housed in the Onslow County Detention Center. Read on... Mission Statement of the Onslow County Sheriff's Office The Onslow County Sheriff’s Office will protect the constitutional rights of citizens to be secure in their possessions, be free from crime, and live in peace. Additional Info... FOLLOW THE SHERIFF'S OFFICE ON INSTAGRAM The Onslow County Sheriff's Office is now on Instagram. Click the link below to find our page and follow for all the up-to-date public safety news and information with the Sheriff's Office. Instagram Link Onslow Crime Stoppers Cash rewards up to $5,000 for anonymous tips that are helpful to law enforcement. 910-938-3273. Additional Info... OCSO Annual Report 2024-25 The Onslow County Sheriff's Office is proud to announce that our Annual Report is now available for 2024-25. Read on... Adopted FY26 Budget Click here to learn more about the adopted FY26 budget. Top priorities in this budget include a community resource hub, indoor recreation facility, increased communication, and comprehensive park improvements. View the Budget Book... Onslow County Strategic Plan Now Available This plan address themes we heard from the community about improving access to amenities, planning for our future growth, preserving what makes us unique, and working to ensure residents are healthy and have opportunities to thrive. Additional Info... See More Stories /CivicAlerts.aspx UPCOMING EVENTS Stay Connected June 2026 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 Mon, Jun. 1 - Tue, Jun. 30 The Non-Fiction Network Virtual Book Club The Non-Fiction Network Virtual Book Club Read on... Mon, Jun. 1 - Tue, Jun. 30 The New Romantics Virtual Book Club The New Romantics Virtual Book Club Read on... Mon, Jun. 1 - Tue, Jun. 30 Paging All Readers Virtual Book Club Paging All Readers Virtual Book Club Read on... Fri, Jun. 26 Friends of the Swansboro Branch Library Meeting - Swansboro Friends of the Swansboro Branch Library Meeting - Swansboro Read on... Fri, Jun. 26 Creation Station Creation Station Read on... Fri, Jun. 26 Baby Steps (Ages 0-18 Months) Baby Steps (Ages 0-18 Months) Read on... View Full Calendar /Calendar.aspx We will ensure that Onslow County is a thriving community for all by delivering exceptional services with good governance and fiscal responsibility. Onslow County Sheriff's Office 717 Court Street Jacksonville, NC 28540 Phone: 910-455-3113 Emergency: 911 Monday-Friday 7AM to 8PM Saturday-Sunday 8AM to 6PM Policies, Permits, and Forms Business Registration Residential Security Checks Accreditation Public Comment Portal /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices Government Websites by CivicPlus® Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow