Hancock County Sheriff's Office | HOME Skip to Main Content Hancock County Hancock County Jobs Hancock County Sheriff’s Office Michael A. Cortez, Sheriff Services Special Units Related Organizations Employment Contact Us A Community-Oriented Policing Agency in Hancock County, Ohio Emergency? Dial 911! Report a Crime: Non-emergency crime or scam? Call (419) 422-2424 HOT LINKS! Click to visit our most requested pages: Welcome! Sheriff Michael A. Cortez Serving Hancock County since 1994. Welcome to the Hancock County Sheriff’s Office website. Within these pages, you will find information about the office, from enforcement to corrections. It is very important to me and my staff that you find this to be a useful resource of information on our Office. You’ll find several useful tools including: The Inmate Inquiry, which allows you to see current and past inmates. The Sex Offender registry, which allows you to see all registered sex offenders in Hancock County and to sign up for email notifications when an offender registers in your neighborhood. A link to Everbridge , which allows you to register an email address and/or cell phone to receive emergency weather alerts, amber alerts, news releases, or road closures for Hancock County. You can find how to request public records, get your CCW license, get a background check, participate in Sheriff’s Sales, and much more. Please take a few minutes to learn more about the Hancock County Sheriff’s Office. Thank you for your interest! Sheriff's Office Services: Records Request Public records from us; Crash reports from the Ohio Department of Public Safety. Employee Compliment Form Catch our employee doing something great? Let us know, and we'll tell them! Employee Complaint Form See something we could have done better? Please let us know. Inmates & Corrections Our Inmate Database. How to contact or visit inmates. Concealed Carry CCW licensing hours, fees, requirements, and access to the application. Fingerprinting Locations, hours, and rates for fingerprinting services in Hancock County. Golf Cart Inspections Need a license for your cart? Come see us! Sex Offenders Access the Hancock County database for all listed sex offenders. Emergency Alerts Receive alerts about emergencies and other important community news. Weather Policies Weather information sources and weather condition descriptions. VINE Victim Information and Notification Everyday and VINELink online access. Citizens Sheriff's Academy For citizens interested in learning how the Sheriff’s Office operates. The Gallery Click the camera to view a collection of images of your Hancock County Sheriff's Office at work. Our Latest Social Media: NOTE: Posts can be delayed up to six hours. To see the most current post, click to visit our Facebook Page . Facebook Services Special Units Related Organizations Employment Contact Us @2026 Hancock County Sheriff's Office