Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office Skip to content Search Search CAREER OPPORTUNITIES INMATE ROSTER REQUEST RECORDS ACTIVE WARRANTS PRESS RELEASES CALL LOG DASHBOARD CONCEALED CARRY Proudly Serving You The Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office was formed in 1865 and has had a tradition of service to our community ever since. We are responsible for general law enforcement in Gallatin County. These duties include, but are not limited to Search and Rescue, criminal investigation, general patrol, civil process, Office of the Coroner, detention, animal control, concealed weapons permits, prisoner transports, and court security. We patrol the county’s 2,605 square miles by car, truck, boat, bike, and even snowmobile. We are currently allotted 74 sworn deputies that are assigned to several detachments including Patrol, Detectives, Administration, Support Services, and the Missouri River Drug Task Force. We also administer the Gallatin County Detention Center where our dedicated civilian detention officers attend to incarcerated individuals. MISSION STATEMENT As proud members of this Office, we are dedicated to protect and serve the citizens and visitors of Gallatin County. VISION STATEMENT Enhance the quality of life in Gallatin County through service and innovation from dedicated, caring Peace Officers. VALUES Keep the Peace: We will protect the quality of life by keeping the peace and enforcing the law through hard work with knowledgeable, well trained people, committed to doing what is right Serve: We serve those who entrust us. We will serve with empathy and compassion while holding ourselves and one another accountable above all else Balanced: Our response to any situation will be appropriate, effective and productive. We survive through maintaining our physical, emotional and mental health. Report Request Form Please fill out the form below and we will be in touch! Name of Decedent Date of Birth of Decedent Date of Death of Decedent Coroner or Law Enforcement Case Number (If Known) Name of Requestor Date of Birth of Requestor Phone Number of Requestor Email Address of Requestor Mailing Address of Requestor Relationship to Decedent Reports Requested (Coroner Report, Autopsy Report, or Toxicology Report) SUBMIT CORONER BASIC APPLICATION FORM Please fill out the form below and we will be in touch! Call 406-582-2178 for questions. Course Requested: Date of Training: Location of Training: Agency Information Agency Name: Mailing Address: City: State: Zip: Training Coordinator/Supervisor Contact Name: Email: Phone: Applicant Information: Full Name: Mailing Address: City: State: Zip: Work Email: Phone: DOB: Date of Hire: Male Female SUBMIT TRAINING The Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office has one Captain and one Sergeant overseeing all aspects of the Office training needs. This includes, but is not limited to, maintaining training certifications, providing in-house training, overseeing the Field Training Evaluation Program, and sending newly hired deputies to the Montana Law Enforcement Academy. Newly hired deputies are put through six weeks of onboarding and pre-service training prior to the Field Training Evaluation Program (FTEP). The FTEP program is approximately twenty weeks in length. New deputies will then complete a twelve-week course at the Montana Law Enforcement Academy to receive their Public Safety Officer Standards and Training (POST) Certificate. The Training Division also coordinates trainings with outside instructors that are available to Montana Law Enforcement. Information regarding any upcoming trainings will be listed below as they become available. GETTING THROUGH THE GRIND CONTACT US Mike Van Meter – Captain Email: Phone: 406-582-2482 Mike Chickos – Sergeant Email: michael.chickos@gallatin.mt.gov Phone: 406-582-3621 PROPERTY RELEASE APPOINTMENT REQUEST FORM Please provide the following information to better facilitate scheduling: Full Name: Date of Birth: Phone Number: Sex: Male Female Other Mailing Address: City: State: Zip: Items you are requesting to pick up: Any additional information you would like to provide: SUBMIT RANDY JONES CHAPLAIN Chaplain Jones has been a chaplain with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office for nine years and became the full-time lead chaplain in January of 2017. He is also a member of our county’s critical incident stress management (CISM) team, serves as a volunteer firefighter and EMT, and is on the board of the Montana chapter of Concerns for Police Survivors (MT COPS). Prior to becoming a chaplain, Chaplain Jones served nine years as a pastor and before that, 15 years as a missionary in Africa. Randy and his wife have been married for 37 years and the Lord has blessed us with five children and five grandchildren. WARREN HIEBERT CHAPLAIN Chaplain Hiebert started serving the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office July 19th, 1990. He was the first chaplain with the GCSO and has served for 34 years. Presently, with the blessing of Sheriff Springer, he also now serves the Montana Sheriff’s and Peace Officers Association as chairman of the Montana Law Enforcement Chaplains. Chaplain Hiebert is also the state representative for the International Conference of Police Chaplains. He helps train, mentor, and start chaplain’s programs around the state of Montana. DALE FRICKE CHAPLAIN Chaplain Fricke has been a chaplain with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office for three years. He has been serving as the Assistant Pastor of Calvary Chapel Bozeman for 18 years, and as a reserve officer with the Hot Springs Police Department for three years. Prior to moving to Montana, Chaplain Fricke served as a volunteer deputy with Yavapai County Sheriff’s Office in Arizona for six years and was the senior agency chaplain. MARK HAROLD CHAPLAIN Chaplain Harold has been a part-time law enforcement chaplain with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office since 2022. He also volunteers with the Sheriff’s Office Search & Rescue and operates the GCSO Command Vehicle (6CV). Mark currently manages the ranch where is wife was raised and has works as a security guard for a local security company since 2002. Chaplain Harold was a youth pastor for 38 years and owned a management company to support that ministry. Chaplain Harold’s involvement in public safety dates to the 1980’s where he was involved in the volunteer fire department. MATT BOXMEYER CAPTAIN Matt Boxmeyer serves as the Search and Rescue Captain. He was born and raised in the Gallatin Valley and has three wonderful children. Matt has been with the Sheriff’s Office since 2008. Matt has served in a multitude of roles including Patrol Deputy, School Resource Officer, Detective, Patrol Sergeant, Detective Sergeant, Detective Captain, Jail Commander, and Patrol Captain. Matt was also a member of the Special Response Team as a dedicated Marksman. BRIAN TAYLOR CAPTAIN Brian Taylor serves as the Investigations Captain. He has dedicated his career to public service and law enforcement since joining the Sheriff’s Office in March 2009. Initially starting at the Detention Center, he transitioned to the role of Deputy in February 2016. Over the years, he has taken on multiple roles, including serving as a SAR Coordinator, fulfilling responsibilities as a Coroner, and training new deputies as a Field Training Officer. He promoted to Patrol Captain in June 2023. Beyond his professional life, he has been happily married to his wife, Collette, for 16 years, and together they are raising two teenagers. Balancing a demanding career while being a supportive husband and father, he embodies the values of trust, communication, and teamwork both on and off the job. JACKIE KERRY COMMANDER Jackie Keery Lemon has worked at the Gallatin County Detention Center since 2006. She was promoted to Jail Commander in 2023, prior to this she was the Program & Facilities Director creating a substantial volunteer base to bring life skills programs to inmates to reduce recidivism. She is a graduate of Montana State University with a Master of Public Administration and has over 40 years’ experience working in human services in Bozeman. Jackie is also the chairperson for the Montana Jail Commanders group and understands the importance of facility safety & security through proper practice of the Montana Jail and Correctional Health Care standards. NATE KAMERMAN UNDERSHERIFF Nate Kamerman serves as the Undersheriff where he leads the Operations Command, which includes Patrol, Investigations, Coroner, Search & Rescue, and the Missouri River Drug Task Force. Nate began his law enforcement career in 2011, serving three years with the Rosebud County Sheriff’s Office and two years with the Bozeman Police Department before joining the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office in 2015. Throughout his career at GCSO, he has served as a patrol deputy, sergeant, field training officer, Search and Rescue coordinator, and member of the Special Response Team. Nate grew up in Gallatin County and is proud to serve the community he calls home. He enjoys hunting, fishing, snow sports, and spending time with his wife and children. BECKER CUELHO CHIEF DEPUTY CORONER Beker Cuelho is the Chief Deputy Coroner for Gallatin County. He began his career as a Detention Officer at the Gallatin County Detention Center in 2017. In 2019, he became a Deputy Coroner, later taking the position of Chief Deputy Coroner in 2022. Beker conducts death investigations and oversees the day-to-day operations of the Coroner’s Office. Beker developed training on basic death investigation for new law enforcement officers at the Montana Law Enforcement Academy and instructs a 40-hour basic coroner course for new death investigators. Beker was born and raised in the Gallatin Valley and enjoys giving back to the community by conducting thorough investigations and providing support for families and friends of loved ones. KELLY SPRINKLE CAPTAIN Kelly Sprinkle serves as the Patrol Captain with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office, where she is dedicated to ensuring the safety and security of our community. With 19 years of service in law enforcement, Captain Sprinkle brings a wealth of experience and knowledge and a deep commitment to the safety of our community. She began her career as a Patrol Deputy and has advanced through various roles, including patrol, detectives, sergeant, and captain, while illustrating her expertise in criminal investigations, death investigations, and sexual crimes investigations. A graduate of Montana State University, Captain Sprinkle holds a B.S. in Sociology, with an emphasis in Justice Studies and Cultural Anthropology. She has completed advanced training in Interview and Interrogation, Crisis Intervention, Criminal Interdiction and Forensic Interviewing. CLINT HARPER CAPTAIN Captain Clint Harper currently serves as the Professional Standards Captain. He has been with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office since early 2020. Prior to joining GCSO, Captain Harper was a deputy with Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office in Golden, Colorado and Jasper County Sheriff’s Office in Carthage, Missouri. He has held assignments in Patrol, Investigations, Training, and SWAT. Throughout his career he has held many ranks and positions. In June of 2023, he was promoted to Captain and Tactical Commander of the Gallatin Valley SWAT Team. As of 2026, he oversees the curriculum and training provided at the Gallatin College Law Enforcement Academy. Captain Harper was born and raised in Willow Springs, Missouri. He earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Criminal Justice Administration with a minor in Crime Scene Investigation and Associate of Science degree in Law Enforcement from Missouri Southern State University. Outside of work he enjoys spending time outdoors with his wife. FRANK C. CURTICE DEPUTY | EOW: 10/10/1919 | Cause: Gunfire Both Curtice and Pomeroy were shot and killed as they attempted to arrest a man for assaulting his employer. The suspect was shot and killed by members of a posse the next day. Deputy Curtice was 39 years old, had served with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office for four years, and was survived by his wife and three children. POMEROY VRELLAND DEPUTY | EOW: 10/10/1919 | Cause: Gunfire Both Curtice and Pomeroy were shot and killed as they attempted to arrest a man for assaulting his employer. The suspect was shot and killed by members of a posse the next day. Deputy Vrelland was 38 years old at the time. JAKE ALLEN SPECIAL DEPUTY | EOW: 1/24/1987 | Cause: Gunfire Deputy Jack Allen had been deputized by the sheriff to assist him with serving warrants the same day he was killed. Deputy Allen was shot and mortally wounded while assisting the sheriff serve arrest warrants on two youths for larceny. The suspects opened fire from within a barn where they were cornered in neighboring Madison County, striking Deputy Allen in the head. One of the suspects fled to Nevada where he was apprehended ten months later. He was returned to Madison County, convicted of second degree murder, and sentenced to 81 years in prison. He was pardoned by Governor Edwin L. Norris on February 1, 1910. The other suspect fled to Canada and was never apprehended. SILAS RALSTON SHERIFF | EOW: 9/5/1878 | Cause: Gunfire Sheriff Silas Ralston was shot and killed as he attempted to stop a quarrel between two men at a saloon in Bozeman. He was killed instantly when one of the men drew a revolver and shot him. Sheriff Ralston was 39 years old at the time. Several witnesses said the suspects revolver discharged accidently. Others said the killing was intentional. All agreed the suspect was very intoxicated. He was charged with manslaughter. ERIN CLEMENTS DIRECTOR Director Clements leads the Youth & Family Outreach Program (YFOP) within the Professional Services Command. She has been tasked with expanding the Sheriff’s Office relationships with community members, children, and families. Director Clements was instrumental in developing the Sheriff’s Office Deputy Wellness and Resiliency Program. Prior to working with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office, Director Clements worked for the State of Montana DPHHS Child and Family Services Division as a Child Protection Specialist Supervisor for 10 years. Additionally, Clements has worked with youth and adult mental health providers in residential and community settings in Montana, South Dakota, and Wyoming. Director Clements graduated from the University of Wyoming in 2006 with a Bachelor of Criminal Justice and a Master of Social Work in 2008. JACOB OTTO ALLMENDINGER DEPUTY | EOW: 10/19/2019 | Cause: Struck by vehicle Deputy Sheriff Jake Allmendinger was struck and killed by his patrol car on Fairy Lake Road in the Bridger mountain range. He and another deputy were responding to the area to check on the welfare of a stranded motorist. Their patrol Tahoe started to slide backward on ice as they attempted to drive up an incline while looking for the motorist. Deputy Allmendinger exited the vehicle as it slid but became trapped beneath it. Deputy Allmendinger was 31 years old at the time and had served as a deputy with the Gallatin County Sheriff’s Office for two years. He had previously served a dispatcher and a search and rescue volunteer for over eight years. He is survived by his wife, three children, and parents.