Sheriff — Gloucester County, VA 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu SHERIFF Contact Us 7502 Justice Dr. Gloucester, VA 23061 Phone: 804-693-3890 Emergency: 911 Darrell Warren SHERIFF Learn More About the Sheriff Community Connection Law Enforcement Corrections 911 Center Employment Send Comments or Tips Freedom of Information Act Command Staff Major Ryan Cookson CHIEF DEPUTY Captain Jamie Sharp LAW ENFORCEMENT Captain Cheslie Smith JAIL AND CIVIL PROCESS Captain David Shield ADMINISTRATION Captain Darron Conrad SUPPORT SERVICES The Mission Statement The Mission of the sheriff's office is to provide for peace and security of all residents and visitors of Gloucester County. The responsibilities associated with this mission are many. They include enforcement of state, local, and federal laws, protect life and property and operate a secure and safe jail, identify criminal offenders and criminal activity and, where appropriate, to apprehend offenders and participate in subsequent court proceedings, reduce the opportunities for the commission of some crimes through preventive patrol and other measures, aid individuals who are in danger of physical harm, protect constitutional guarantees, facilitate the movement of people and vehicles, assist those who cannot care for themselves, resolve conflict, identify problems that are potentially serious law enforcement or government problems, create and maintain a feeling of security in the community, promote and preserve civil order, and generally assist citizens in urgent situations. (American Bar Association, 1983) We carry out these responsibilities diligently, courteously and take pride in the services we provide. We work in cooperation with community agencies and groups to promote understanding and to enhance our law enforcement capabilities. Welcome Message from the Sheriff The dedicated men and women of this agency invite you to take a moment to explore the information contained within these pages. Here, you will learn more about our diverse organization, the specialized divisions that comprise it, and the services we provide to the citizens and visitors of our community. The Gloucester Sheriff’s Office is a state accredited, twenty-four hour, full-service agency. We are staffed with professional law enforcement, corrections, civil process and communications employees who are proud of the positive impact they make daily through their service. Thank you for visiting this page, and for taking an interest in your Sheriff's Office. Please feel free to let me know how we are doing. We continuously strive to demonstrate our dedication to the highest level of public service founded upon the ideals of "Honor, Integrity, and Commitment." D.W. Warren, Jr. Sheriff Responsibilities The responsibilities of the Gloucester County Sheriff’s Office include: Enforcement of state, local, and federal laws Protect life and property Operate a secure and safe jail Identify criminal offenders and criminal activity and, where appropriate, to apprehend offenders and participate in subsequent court proceedings Reduce the opportunities for the commission of some crimes through preventive patrol and other measures Aid individuals who are in danger of physical harm Protect constitutional guarantees Facilitate the movement of people and vehicles Assist those who cannot care for themselves Resolve conflict Identify problems that are potentially serious law enforcement or government problems Create and maintain a feeling of security in the community Promote and preserve civil order Generally assist citizens in urgent situations (American Bar Association, 1983) We carry out these responsibilities diligently, courteously and take pride in the services we provide. We work in cooperation with community agencies and groups to promote understanding and to enhance our law enforcement capabilities. Concerns or issues with our website can be submitted by emailing Captain Darron Conrad . Questions and concerns about our office and compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) can be submitted by emailing Captain David Shield or by calling 804-693-1374 . Accredited Agency The Gloucester County Sheriff's Office is pleased to be one of just ninety-nine law enforcement agencies in the Commonwealth that possesses state accreditation through the Virginia Law Enforcement Professional Standards Commission (VLEPSC). Our agency received it's third consecutive award in July of 2019, and will be due for re-accreditation in 2023. During our last process, our office achieved 100% compliance through all 186 professional standards, with zero returned files. Further, Sheriff Warren has been appointed to an additional two year term on the Board of Directors for VLEPSC. He joins other distinguished sheriffs and police chiefs as they work to advance the image of law enforcement in Virginia. Accreditation is a coveted award that symbolizes professionalism, excellence, and competence. We take pride in our agency, knowing that it represents the very best in law enforcement. Through compliance with standards designed to meet the needs of the community and offer the utmost in effectiveness and efficiency, we go about our daily mission of service with the knowledge that we are current, well-trained, and well-prepared to serve you. Public Impact Accreditation increases our agency’s ability to prevent and control crime through more efficient delivery of law enforcement services. Through these successes, the citizen’s confidence in the policies and practices of our agency is increased. In conjunction with the philosophy of community policing, accreditation commits our agency to a broad range of programs (such as Crime Prevention, Drug Abuse Resistance Education (D.A.R.E.), and Project Lifesaver) that directly benefit the public. It also enhances community understanding of the Sheriff's Office and its role in the community, as well as our purpose and mission. This partnership will help citizens understand the challenges that confront law enforcement and we, in turn, receive clear direction from the community about its expectations. Through this process, a common set of goals and objectives, backed by the support of the community, is arrived at and implemented. 911 Center Operations The Emergency Communications Center (ECC) plays a vital role in the day-to-day operations of our office: the dispatchers who work here are truly our "first" First Responders. The Center is staffed twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, and our operators are the initial contact for all incoming communications, including general information calls, telephone emergency 911 calls, and non-emergency requests for service. They are also responsible for handing the dispatching needs of the Sheriff's Office, multiple Fire and Rescue companies throughout the County, and providing assistance and coordination with the Virginia State Police. In a medical emergency, our Dispatchers are able to provide Emergency Medical Dispatching (EMD) services to callers until rescue arrives on scene. They are a vital communications link with deputies in the field: they relay information, offer support, and serve as a lifeline to those serving the community. With a population of just under 40,000 people, Gloucester keeps the Center busy. In 2019, they handled tens of thousands of calls for service, while entering and maintaining the records and paperwork that includes protective orders, summonses, and arrest warrants. Training / Certification Our Dispatchers are trained and certified by Virginia's Department of Criminal Justice Services (DCJS). For state certification, dispatchers must attend the Basic Telecommunicator Course offered at the Hampton Roads Criminal Justice Training Academy and complete (at a minimum) a three month on the job training course under the supervision / direction of one of the Certified Communications Training Operators (CCTO) on staff. The CCTOs are certified through DCJS and / or the Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials (APCO). During this time they are trained on the operation of our computer-aided dispatch (CAD) software and systems. They also become certified to operate a Virginia Criminal Index (VCIN) and National Crimes Index Center (NCIC) terminal. Lastly, they are trained in specialized software that allows them to pin-point the location of a wireless distress call. Support Roles Dispatchers of the ECC find themselves in other support roles as well. Our staff can be found teaching at the criminal justice academy, training and certifying agencies and individuals in the use of first aid and VCIN operations, or assisting the Office of Emergency Management during crisis situations, such as natural or man-made disasters. Center Updates In August of 2012, our new Emergency Communications Center was completed with modern, state-of-the-art equipment allowing dispatchers to serve in an upgraded and more comfortable environment. This six-position Public Safety Access Point (PSAP) also replaced the aging analog radio system that had been in place since the 1990s with a digital format that complements systems used by York and James City Counties: this is a great advantage when confronted with a regional emergency or if one of the three Centers ever go down. A new radio tower was also constructed, allowing for clear radio communications from the North Carolina border up to Tappahannock. We are preparing for a transition from using traditional, copper wires for receiving calls to an IP (internet protocol) based system referred to as Next Gen 9-1-1 that is starting to be implemented state-wide, with Gloucester currently slated for its upgrade late in 2024. Tours Center Supervisor Cindy Callis offers tours of the facility for various educational and civic organizations, such as the local elementary schools and the area scout troops. Children are instructed on when (and when not!) to call 911, and are offered insight into the daily work of a dispatcher. For more information on tours or about the Emergency Communications Center, please call or email Ms. Callis . Text-to-911 The Gloucester County Sheriff’s Office is pleased to announce a new way to reach our emergency call center: the use of Text-to-911. Through a joint effort with TeleCommunication Systems, Inc., and various wireless carriers, this service allows those in need of emergency help to communicate with the dispatch center through texting, instead of placing a phone call. The preferred and recommended way to report an emergency remains calling 911. However, there are unique situations where texting an emergency may make sense, such as being unable to talk or where it would be dangerous to do so, such as in an active shooter incident. Like any text message, simply enter 911 as the message recipient and type your name, your exact location, incident information, and send the text. Currently, videos and photos cannot be sent through this service. A GPS mapping program assists in pinpointing the location of the text. Providers Dispatchers will be able to respond back to the “caller,” just like in any text conversation. These text 911 events are treated with the same priority as standard 911 calls, and dispatchers are trained to respond just as if there was an emergency caller on the line. Currently, the Gloucester County text-to-911 system is confirmed to work with Verizon, AT&T, Cricket, and Comcast: deployment is in progress with Sprint but they are not yet confirmed to be operational. T-Mobile has also been made aware of our new program, but they too are not yet enabled. Additional Information For more information about the capabilities of the Text-to-911 system, please email Cindy Callis , Communications Supervisor. Employment Application Process The Gloucester County Sheriff’s Office only accepts applications for employment when vacancies exist. Submitted applications are actively kept on file for one year and only considered if a position is available. The application process for sworn and non-sworn personnel is as follows: Submit a completed application (PDF) , typed resume, and notary page by mail or in person at: 7502 Justice Drive Gloucester, VA 23061 Applications must be completed in their entirety. Incomplete applications will not be considered. An initial check will be made of your criminal history, driving record, and credit. Please review the appointment criteria and job requirement descriptions. Applicants may be contacted for a panel interview. This is a question and answer session comprised of members of the office. Successful candidates move on to the next phase. Background investigation by a Criminal Investigator and a check of listed and non-listed references. Polygraph examination. Staff reviews of top applicants and a conditional offer of employment. Medical examination and drug screening. Psychological examination. New employee start date. The Gloucester County Sheriff’s Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer. A separate application is required for each position. Employment applications may also be obtained by visiting the lobby of the Gloucester County Sheriff’s Office. Notifications For notification when a position becomes available, please follow our Facebook page. Current Employment Opportunities 911 Dispatcher $45,605 or higher depending on experience and qualifications Open Until Filled Full-time civilian position with VRS retirement and benefits. 911 Dispatcher Job Description (PDF) Contact Us County Administration 6489 Main Street, Building Two Gloucester, VA 23061 Phone: 804-693-4042 Hours: Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Citizen Resources COPE Crisis Line Gloucester County Public Schools Town Crier E-Newsletter Media Releases Flood Information Sign Up for Emergency Alerts Community Resource Directory FOIA Information ”The Beehive” Citizen Publication Current Conversations Podcast Property Information Employment Opportunities Payment Options Contact Staff Site Links Home FAQ Legal Accessibility Privacy Policy Copyright County Building Maps Current Employees Employee Access Center