Inmate Visitation & Mail | Kenosha County, WI - Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Home Departments Law Enforcement Sheriff's Office Detentions Division / Jail Information Inmate Visitation & Mail Inmate Visitation & Mail Click on the different tabs for specific information about sending mail and visiting inmates. The Kenosha County Detention Center is located at 4777 88th Ave. in Kenosha, and the Kenosha County Pretrial Facility is located downtown at 1000 55th St. Inmate Mail Family/Friends Visits Professional Visits Inmate Mail Inmate Mail Policy Update In an effort to maintain security and efficiency, the Kenosha County Sheriff’s Office Detention Division has updated its inmate mail procedures. Effective March 30, 2026 , personal mail will no longer be accepted directly at Kenosha County facilities . Any personal mail sent to a facility will be returned to the sender. All personal mail must now be sent to a secure off-site mail processing center, where it will be scanned and delivered to inmates electronically. PLEASE READ ALL INFORMATION BELOW TO ENSURE YOUR MAIL GETS DELIVERED. Sending Personal Mail to an Inmate All non-legal mail must be mailed to the off-site mail processing center listed below. Incoming mail will be scanned at the off-site facility and delivered to inmates electronically through the inmate communication system. All mail must include the following information: The facility where the inmate is housed Inmate’s full first and last name Inmate ID number Sender’s full first and last name Complete return address Mailing Address for Non-Legal Mail Kenosha PreTrial, WI or Kenosha Detention Center, WI Inmate Full Name, ID # Inmate Full Name, ID# P.O. Box 247 P.O. Box 247 Phoenix, MD 21131 Phoenix, MD 21131 Mail that does not include the required information may be rejected or returned to the sender. Sending Legal Mail Legal mail will continue to be sent to the appropriate Kenosha County facility where the inmate is housed. Legal mail should be addressed with: Inmate’s full first and last name Inmate ID number Sender’s full first and last name (or Law firm name) Complete return address Example Legal Mail Addresses Kenosha County Detention Center John Doe #12345 Kenosha County Detention Center 4777 88th Ave Kenosha, WI 53144 Kenosha County Pretrial Facility John Doe #12345 Kenosha County Pretrial Facility 1000 55th St Kenosha, WI 53140 Packages Packages for inmates will continue to be accepted and should be mailed directly to the appropriate facility where the inmate is housed. Packages should be addressed using the inmate’s full first and last name and inmate ID number if known. Example: Kenosha County Detention Center John Doe #12345 Kenosha County Detention Center 4777 88th Ave Kenosha, WI 53144 Kenosha County Pretrial Facility John Doe #12345 Kenosha County Pretrial Facility 1000 55th St Kenosha, WI 53140 Monetary Funds Are Not Accepted Through Mail Processing The off-site mail provider TextBehind does not process or accept monetary funds on behalf of correctional facilities or incarcerated individuals. Any monetary items sent to the mail processing center will be returned to the sender. Examples of prohibited monetary items include, but are not limited to: Money orders Checks (personal, business, government, or IRS checks) Cash Prepaid gift cards Credit cards Sending Funds to an Inmate Funds for an inmate’s account must be sent directly to the jail, not to the off-site mail processing center. Acceptable forms of funds: Money Orders Checks (Certified, cashier's check, government, or IRS checks) Mailing Address for Inmate Funds Kenosha County Jail Attn: Inmate Accounts 1000 55th Street Kenosha, WI 53140 Important Reminder Do not send personal mail directly to a jail facility. Personal mail sent to a facility will not be delivered and will be returned to the sender. Only legal mail, inmate funds, and approved packages should be sent to the physical facility addresses. Family/Friends Visits Family/Friends Visitation Family/friends can conduct a video visit with an inmate from their home computer, Android device, or Apple device. The following is required: Email address to register and schedule visits Valid photo ID for registration and at check-in A computer or mobile device with internet connectivity, camera, and speakers Headphones are highly recommended Family/friends off-site visits are unlimited. There is an associated cost for this service, meaning you will be charged a fee. Visit the GettingOut website for pricing information. Inmates are eligible for one free on-site visit per week. The on-site visit must take place at the facility where the inmate is housed. Schedule a Video Visit Family/friends wishing to visit inmates at either facility will need to register as a visitor and then schedule the visit. Register online on the GettingOut website Register via the GettingOut Visits application on an Android device or an Apple device Visitation Regulations View the Regulations page for visit rules for Visitors and Inmates. Off-Site Video Visitation – Days and Hours Kenosha County Detention Center (KCDC) Seven Days/Week 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. 1:00 to 1:55 p.m. 2:30 to 4:30 p.m. 6:00 to 8:30 p.m. Pre-Trial Facility Seven Days/Week 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. (excluding Wednesdays) On-Site Video Visitation – Days and Hours The Kenosha County Detention Center (KCDC) and Pre-Trial Facility are open for visitation on the following days, excluding any holidays. Holidays: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Good Friday, Easter, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Friday after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, and New Year’s Eve KCDC Sundays, Mondays, and Thursdays 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. Pre-Trial Facility Saturdays and Sundays 9:00 to 10:30 a.m. 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. Professional Visits Professional Visitation Professional visitors may access their in-custody clients via any of the following: Professional Visitation (on-site visit) Video Visitation U.S. Postal Service Tablet Messaging For those professional visitors who feel an absolute necessity to see their clients, the facilities have an option for an approved contact visit in each facility's professional visitation area. Register as a Professional Visitor To register as a professional visitor, follow the steps below: Register and create your account on the GettingOut website Schedule your first visit and acknowledge all requirements Send an email to the KCDC Clerical address to let them know you have scheduled a visit If you were previously approved as a professional visitor in the GTL VisitMe program, please note that in your email If you were not previously approved in the GTL VisitMe program, please include the following in your email: A request on company letterhead Bar card/Department-issued ID Valid photo identification (driver's license or ID card) The Jail will verify the status of the request and then mark your profile as a professional visitor and waive the fee. The Jail cannot complete this step until you schedule a visit with an inmate. Visitation Regulations View the Regulations page for visit rules for Visitors and Inmates. Regular On-Site Visitation - Days and Hours The Kenosha County Detention Center (KCDC) and Pre-Trial Facility are open for regular on-site visitation on the following days, excluding any holidays. Holidays: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Good Friday, Easter, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Friday after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, and New Year’s Eve KCDC Monday through Friday Face to Face (Contact) or Behind Glass (Non-Contact) 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. KCDC Saturday and Sunday Unsupervised Behind Glass Only (Non-Contact) - No Security Staff Present 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. Pre-Trial Monday through Friday Face to Face (Contact) or Behind Glass (Non-Contact) 8:00 to 10:45 a.m. 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. Pre-Trial Saturday and Sunday Unsupervised No Security Staff Present 8:00 to 10:45 a.m. 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. On-Site Video Visitation - Days and Hours The Kenosha County Detention Center (KCDC) and Pre-Trial Facility are open for video visitation on the following days, excluding any holidays. Holidays: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Good Friday, Easter, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Friday after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, and New Year’s Eve KCDC Sundays, Mondays, and Thursdays 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. Pre-Trial Facility Saturdays and Sundays 9:00 to 10:30 a.m. 12:30 to 4:30 pm Off-Site Video Visitation - Days and Hours Kenosha County Detention Center (KCDC) Seven Days/Week 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. 1:00 to 1:55 p.m. 2:30 to 4:30 p.m. 6:00 to 8:30 p.m. Pre-Trial Facility Seven Days/Week 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. Professional Visitation Guidelines Professional visitors should arrive at either facility ready to present a Bar or another official credential card, such as a government-issued ID. A photo ID should also be available if needed. IMPORTANT: Space is very, very limited. Your in-person visitation request is not a guarantee that an in-person visit will be approved. The professional visitation area at both Kenosha facilities is being used for remote video appearances for local and federal courts in addition to revocation hearings. These processes SHALL be provided priority over all in-person professional visitation requests. Availability is very fluid. Your request may not be honored, may be rejected, or may be subject to delay on short notice. It is important to know that this service is available on a first-come first-serve basis. The facility will make every reasonable effort to accommodate your request under the circumstances. Please exercise the other available contact options and limit this option to those instances where it is an absolute necessity and the other options are not feasible. County Executive Samantha Kerkman 1010 56th Street | Kenosha, WI 53140 County Directory Listing Social Media Photo Credit Site Map Terms of Use /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow