Sheriff's Office | Lancaster County, PA - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Welcome to the Lancaster County Sheriff's Office Job Opportunities Most Wanted Sheriff Alert App Christopher Leppler Sheriff Email the Sheriff Contact Us Marc Shaffer Chief Email the Chief NOTICE OF ORDINANCE NO. 163 OF 2025 Board of Commissioners of Lancaster County, PA Effective January 1, 2026: A $250 fee will be imposed on purchasers at tax sales and mortgage foreclosure sales pursuant to Pennsylvania Act 48 of 2024. The Lancaster County Board of Commissioners has established the Lancaster County Demolition and Rehabilitation Fund, under Ordinance No. 163 of 2025 signed on October 1, 2025. Ordinance 163: 1) Will impose a fee to purchasers at tax sales (Treasurer’s Office) and mortgage foreclosure sales (Sheriff’s Office). 2) The fee of $250 will be collected from every purchaser for each and every separate parcel of real estate sold. 3) This fee will be collected and then turned over monthly to the Lancaster County Treasurer for the exclusive purposes of the Lancaster County Demolition and Rehabilitation Fund. 4) Ordinance 163 takes effect January 1, 2026. SCAM ALERT Lancaster County residents have been receiving an increasing number of scam telephone calls from persons impersonating Lancaster County Sheriff’s Office Deputies. The scammer may use the name(s) of an actual Deputy Sheriff and have also demonstrated the ability to clone the Sheriff’s Office telephone number, and more recently, the actual voice of the Sheriff, and/or the voices of members of the Sheriff’s Office. The Lancaster County Sheriff's Office will NEVER call or email you and request that you pay any fines or fees online or over the telephone, nor will we demand that you purchase gift or money cards to pay for court costs, post bail, or pay a fine for failure to appear for jury duty. If you receive one of these calls, DO NOT PAY ANY MONEY and contact your local police department to file a report. If you have further questions, contact the Sheriff’s Office Monday through Friday from 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM at (717) 299-8200. Please visit us on : Instagram https://www.instagram.com/lancopasheriffoffice/ Facebook https://www.facebook.com/lancastercountysheriffsoffice LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/lancaster-county-sheriff-s-office Click on the link above to learn more. Sheriff News & Announcements See what’s happening in the County County Sheriff Highlights A spotlight on the County 50 N Duke Street PO Box 83480 Lancaster, PA 17608 (717) 299-8200 View Map Firearm Information /QuickLinks.aspx Department Listing 2026 Holiday Schedule Accessibility Privacy Notice(s) /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Contact FAQs To Top Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow