Ashe Sheriff - Sheriff B. Phil Howell Skip to content About the Sheriff About The Office About The Sheriff Amanda, Phil, Danny & Kristy Sheriff B. Phil Howell “Our faith gives us power. Power to believe that we are capable of doing justice in the world by being good humans to everyone that we encounter. Together we can make the world a better place”. A Message from Our Sheriff I have the honor and privilege of serving as your Sheriff, in the same community where I grew up. As you well know, Ashe County is such a beautiful place in God’s corner of North Carolina. Being raised in a place such as this, we all develop a sense of responsibility in keeping it just so. This concept is not lost on me. I don’t view Ashe County as only the jurisdiction in which I serve, it is the community where my wife Amanda and I are raising our three beautiful daughters – alongside all of you. Being rooted here, where generations of my family and dearest friends live, I have a vested interest in ensuring Ashe County is a safe, vibrant and peaceful place where each of us can raise our families; today, tomorrow and into the future. I was raised in Laurel Springs by my parents, E. Phil and Evelyn Howell, who were both active and prominent members of the Ashe County School System. I attended West Jefferson Elementary, Beaver Creek High School, then graduated from Ashe County High School. After graduating from North Carolina State University, I attended Basic Law Enforcement Training and began my law enforcement career as a NC State Ranger, with the North Carolina State Parks. While I thoroughly enjoyed my role as a State Ranger, it was time to move back home. I sought out opportunities to come back to serve my community and found a home with the Ashe County Sheriff’s Office. I returned in 2010 as a Narcotics Detective and later promoted to the Director of 911 Dispatch before ultimately running for and being elected your Sheriff. In this important role, I understand I am directly accountable to you; the citizens of Ashe County. In an effort to always be moving this agency and this community forward, I strive to bring my training, experience, faith and local knowledge to work with me on a daily basis. I take immense pride in serving as your Sheriff and the Good Lord willing, I will be blessed to serve you in this capacity for years to come. Thank you for electing me to serve you! Best Regards, Sheriff B. Phil Howell Sheriff Howell's Mission My Mission as Sheriff of Ashe County is to serve as a representative to the “folks” of Ashe County. As the highest Constitutionally-elected official in Ashe, my goal is to serve and protect our citizens as well as our Constitution. We are unlike any other county, my hope is that each day we take our citizens’ beliefs and make the best decisions for our county, ASHE COUNTY. Chief Deputy Jeremy Williams A Message from Chief Deputy Williams As a lifelong resident of Ashe County, this community is not just where I work, it is home, where I have served Ashe for over 21 years now. My wife Amanda, and I reside in the West Jefferson community, where we have proudly raised our two children and established deep roots in the community we love. I attended West Jefferson Elementary School and Ashe Central High School and was a member of the second graduating class of Ashe County High School. I continued my education at Wilkes Community College, where I earned an associate’s degree in Criminal Justice, laying the foundation for a career devoted to public service and community safety. I began my law enforcement career with the Ashe County Sheriff’s Office in 2005. Throughout my tenure, I have had the privilege of serving in a variety of roles, including Patrol Deputy, K-9 Deputy, Narcotics Detective, Lieutenant Detective, and Captain. In January 2026, I was honored to be appointed Chief Deputy. Each assignment has provided valuable experience and perspective, strengthening my leadership abilities and deepening my understanding of the diverse responsibilities within law enforcement. Throughout my career, I have worked alongside dedicated and professional men and women who share a commitment to service, integrity, and accountability. These relationships have been instrumental in my professional growth and continue to shape my approach to leadership. I remain fully committed to serving the citizens of Ashe County with honor and dedication, and I am deeply grateful for the opportunity to give back to the community that has given so much to me. Sincerely, Chief Deputy Jeremy Williams X We use Cookies • Ashe County Sheriff's Office © All Rights Reserved • View our Privacy Policy We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website Close