Sheriff's Office | Stevens County, MN - Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Departments Sheriff Sheriff's Office Mission Statement It is the Sheriff Office’s goal to provide a safe and crime-free atmosphere in which to work, educate our children and raise a family. The Sheriff’s Office consists of three branches: Administrative, Corrections, and Patrol. The Administrative Division is responsible for record keeping, communications and civil process. The Corrections Division is responsible for the booking of prisoners, as well as transportation to and from court. The Patrol Division is responsible for the enforcement of traffic laws, accident investigation, criminal investigations, crime prevention, water and snowmobile safety training and enforcement. Stevens County Sheriff’s Office TIPLINE Department Information: Sheriff Jason Dingman Chief D eputy Jason Reed Investigators: Damon Curfman, Ron Hensinger Sergeants: Brandon Leuthardt, Clayton Douvier Deputies: AJ Tiesler, Reggie Welle, Carl Aschnewitz, Brian Swiontek, Jagger Anderson, John Reigstad, Steve Henriksen Administrative Assistant: Lori Anderson Records Specialist: Mandy Kapaun and Diana Zych E-911 Dispatchers: Brian Koehler, Anna Alfson, Cindy Bober, Collin Fisher, Julia Wulf, Victoria Vargas, Kim Anderson, Tara Flatten and Sarah Payne. Victim Information and Notification Everyday (VINE) The Minnesota VINE system is a service through which victims of crime can use the telephone or Internet to search for information regarding the custody status of their offender and to register to receive telephone and e-mail notification when the offender’s custody status changes. The VINE toll-free number for the Minnesota VINE system is 877-MN4-VINE or 877-664-8463. This service is provided to assist Victims of Crime who have a right to know about their offender’s custody status. Contact Us Sheriff's Office Physical Address 400 Colorado Avenue Suite 401 Morris , MN 56267 Phone: 320-208-6500 Fax: 320-589-1157 Hours Monday through Friday 8:30 am to 4:30 pm Memorial Day through Labor Day 8:00 am to 4:00 pm Emergency Services Available 24/7 Directory Property Taxes Find your property tax information Agendas & Minutes Access meeting information Alert Sign Up Sign up for emergency notifications Stevens County 400 Colorado Avenue Morris, MN 56267 Contact Us Board of Commissioners County Ordinances Employment Opportunities Forms Report a Concern /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow