Suwannee County Sheriff Skip to content Skip to content Slide FOR EMERGENCIES CALL 911 Meeting Notice In accordance with the Suwannee County Sheriff’s Office’s agreement with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and in conjunction with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, notice is hereby given of the annual meeting of the 287(g) Steering Committee. The Steering Committee will be held at the Suwannee County Judicial Annex Building, 218 Parshley Street Southwest, Live Oak, Florida 32064, on January 30th, 2024 at 9:00 – 11:00 A.M. Public comment is welcomed. All those interested in speaking are asked to submit their inquiries via email at Florida287g@ice.dhs.gov no later than 10 days prior to the meeting. Immigration and Customs Enforcement asks that if you have any specific question, please provide them in advance so they have an opportunity to prepare to respond at the meeting On behalf of the dedicated men and women of the Suwannee County Sheriff’s Office, welcome to our website. We take seriously our responsibility to ensure that we provide the highest quality of law enforcement services to those who live, work, or visit our county. The development of this website represents my commitment to keeping the community informed and I hope you will find it resourceful. I would like to thank ALL OF YOU for putting your trust in ALL OF US at the SCSO! I welcome your comments, questions, and suggestions. Please contact me if you have an idea about how we can work together to keep Suwannee County safer. Thank you for visiting our website. Sincerely, Sam St John Suwannee County Sheriff Resources Concealed Carry Permit Florida Firearm Purchase Program FDLE Criminal History Florida Sexual Offender/Predator Database Florida DOC Offender Information Search Florida Sheriff’s Youth Ranch Career Offenders Uniform Crime Reports (UCR) Missing Endangered Persons Information Clearinghouse Legal Information Wanted/Missing Persons/Stolen Property Database National Fraud Information Center Florida Crash Statistics Report Suspicious Activity If you see something suspicious, please call us at 386-364-3785. If there is a life threatening emergency, please call 911. When reporting suspicious activity, it is helpful to give the most accurate description possible, including: Brief description of the activity Date, time and location of the activity Physical identifiers of anyone you observed Descriptions of vehicles Information about where people involved in suspicious activities may have gone Your name and contact information (optional) About the Sheriff Sheriff Sam St. John The Suwannee County Sheriff is a Florida constitutional officer and a part of the state judicial branch. Sheriff Sam. St. John has been serving the residents of Suwannee County for over 40 years with 8 as your local elected Sheriff. The Sheriff has a duty to enforce both the Florida Constitution and Florida state laws and statutes, local county and municipal ordinances, and to provide for the security, safety and well-being of its citizens. This is accomplished through the delivery of law enforcement services, the operation of the County Jail, and the provision of court security. The Office of the Sheriff functions as the Executive Officer of the court. Under Florida law, The Sheriff derives his legal authority from the Constitution of the State of Florida. The Sheriff is vested with the ability to appoint and direct deputies who will act in his name and office to enforce the appropriate and applicable laws of the State of Florida. Those deputies of the County Sheriff’s Office who are Certified Law Enforcement officers must maintain a thorough working knowledge of the laws they enforce and the underlying principals from which they emanate. Suwannee County Sheriff’s Office Sheriff Sam St. John (386) 362-2222 • 200 Ohio Avenue South, Live Oak, Florida 32064 FOR EMERGENCIES CALL 911 Bias-Based Policing Policy Suwannee County Jail (386) 364-3778 • 305 Pine Avenue, Live Oak, Florida 32064 Website by MuniCreative