Mail | Wayne County, PA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments A - E Corrections Mail Mail All mail is screened entering and leaving the facility. Inmates are not permitted to have any writing supplies, such as stamps, paper, envelopes, mailed to them at the facility. Items needed for writing are available for purchase from commissary. Inmates are only permitted 50 pictures in their cell at any time. Laminated materials are not permitted in the facility, and should not be sent to an inmate in the mail. The Wayne County Correctional Facility inmate mail delivery service, MailGuard, is powered by Smart Communications and accessed from a kiosk and tablets in all housing units for outside and internal communications. I nmate postal mail must be sent to the following address: [INMATE NAME] – [INMATE ID] c/o Smart Communications PO Box 700 Pinellas Park, FL 33781 The inmates Name and ID NUmber must be clearly printed on the outside of the envelope or postcard to ensure mail delivery. All regular inmate postal mail (postcards, letters, greeting cards, etc.) will be scanned into the system and made available to the inmates to view digitally. Legal mail, court documents and bank statements will continue to be sent to the facility directly. After being released, inmates may log onto smartjailmail.com using their same login credentials to download/save postal mail in PDF format. Officials recommend family and friends register at www.mailguardtracker.com to receive notices when your mail is received, reviewed, and viewed by the inmate. Employment County Court Boards & Commissions Wayne County Courthouse 925 Court Street Honesdale, PA 18431 Central Phone: 570-253-5970 Quick Link Example Quick Link Example Longer Quick Link Example Longer Quick Link Example Quick Link Example Longer Quick Link Example /QuickLinks.aspx Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow