Sheriff's Office | Iron County, WI Skip to Main Content Holiday Closure Holiday Hours Notice Read On... Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government Departments Sheriff's Office Sheriff's Office Mission Statement The mission of Iron County Sheriff's Office is to enhance the quality of life in our community by providing professional, and responsive law enforcement services. We are committed to: Safeguarding Life and Property: Protecting our citizens and their belongings through proactive policing, community engagement, and effective crime prevention strategies. Promoting Justice: Upholding the law impartially, ensuring that justice is served fairly and equitably to all members of the community. Building Community Trust: Fostering strong relationships with our residents through transparency, respect, and collaborative partnerships. Providing Support and Resources: Offering assistance and resources to individuals and families, contributing to a safer and healthier community. Upholding Integrity and Professionalism: Conducting ourselves with the highest ethical standards, accountability, and respect, while continuously striving for excellence in all aspects of our work. Together, we stand dedicated to serving and protecting the citizens of Iron County, ensuring a safe and secure environment for all. Public Information Related Documents Use of Force Policy (PDF) Policy 431 BWC Policy (PDF) Stay Connected Follow the Iron County Sheriff's Office on Facebook . Committee Law Enforcement Committee Contact Us Paul Samardich Sheriff Physical Address 300 Taconite St Suite 226 Hurley , WI 54534 Phone: 715-561-3800 Fax: 715-561-2822 Directory Equifax Credit Bureau Experian Credit Bureau How to become a Police Officer View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx What is the cost for civil process? How do I get civil process documents to the Iron County Sheriff’s Office? What are the days & times for Inmate visitation? View All FAQs /FAQ.aspx Communities Forestry & Parks Sheriff's Office Iron County Courthouse 300 Taconite Street Hurley, WI 54534 Contact Us Home Site Map Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow