Weber County Sheriff - Inmate Services Bureau Quick Links Booking & Release Inmate Visitation Inmate Services Inmate Programs Corrections Jobs PREA Corrections FAQ 24/7 Sobriety Program Inmate Services Bureau Clergy Visits Visits by members of the clergy can provide an inmate with needed guidance and advice. The Weber County Correctional Facility welcomes qualified clergy visits to members of their congregation; however, there are certain restrictions and rules that do need to be adhered to. Requirements to Visit as a Member of the Clergy: To schedule the visit, call (801) 778-6702 at least 24 hours in advance. You must be the head of the congregation (bishop, pastor, stake president, etc.). Proof of clergy status is required at visit. One visit per two-week period. (Does not count against inmate visitation limit) Alternatively, you may schedule a visit through the normal visiting process, which will count against the inmate’s visit allocation. Religious Access: Inmates may attend religious meetings available in their housing unit and may receive approved religious materials. Americans With Disabilities Act - Notice and Grievance Procedure The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) is a landmark civil rights law enacted in 1990 that prohibits discrimination against individuals with disabilities in various aspects of public life. Its primary aim is to ensure that people with disabilities have the same rights and opportunities as everyone else. The ADA covers employment, public services, public accommodations, transportation, and telecommunications. It mandates reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities, such as wheelchair ramps, accessible restrooms, and modifications in the workplace, ensuring inclusivity and equal access. In accordance with the requirements of Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (“ADA”) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, Weber County Jail will not discriminate against qualified individuals with disabilities on the basis of disability in its services, programs, or activities. Resources: Notice Under The Americans With Disabilities Act Grievance Procedure Under the ADA Inmate Property During incarceration, an inmate is issued clothing, bedding, and personal hygiene items. Generally, clothing is exchanged twice per week, and bedding is exchanged once per week. Medical Medical staff is on duty 24 hours per day. Inmate Library A library is available to inmates. If an inmate's classification prohibits visiting this library, books are taken to him/her. * Due to COVID-19, donated books are not currently being accepted. Inmate Trust Account Friends and family members may deposit money into the Inmate Trust Account, also known as an inmate’s “books”. This money may be deposited at the kiosk in the jail lobby during reception hours in the form of cash or credit card. The lobby hours are 8am to 9pm every day, excluding holidays and Sundays, and only open until 5pm on Wednesdays. Money may also be deposited online at www.inmatecanteen.com . Processing fees will be applied for all inmate deposits. Commissary Inmates may purchase approved commissary items once per week by using the money in their Inmate Trust Account. Approved items may include personal hygiene items, candy, snacks, and other various items. Inmate Mail Inmates may receive mail. Mail must come through the U.S. Postal Service and will not be accepted at the lobby window. Only white, prestamped or metered postcards will be accepted . Mail sent in envelopes or with pictures or adhesive stamps will be returned. No letters may be sent in with photos. Send Mail To Inmate's Name Inmate's Number PO Box 14000 Ogden, UT 84412 Inmate Visitation Please click here to visit the Inmate Visitation page Legal Access Incarcerated individuals have the right to legal access. A private attorney may be hired, or a public defender may be appointed by the Court, if eligible, prior to arraignment. Telephones Telephones are in each housing unit for inmates to make outgoing pre-paid or debit phone calls. Incoming calls are not accepted. Inmates may also transfer funds from their commissary account to make telephone calls. Inmate telephones are provided by Securus Technologies. To deposit money to an inmate telephone account, please visit https://securustech.net/ or call 1-800-844-6591. Email Emails are accepted for inmates. These may be sent at securustech.online/#/login . Applicable fees apply. Recreation Board games and table games are available in housing units with appropriate classification. Outside recreation is available for each housing unit. Inmate Grievance System Inmates may utilize a grievance system while incarcerated to file complaints that directly concern them. Inmate Disciplinary The Weber County Jail has rules that inmates must follow. If an inmate violates facility rules, he/she may be charged with the violation. An Inmate Disciplinary Hearing Officer (IDHO) judges these complaints in an administrative due process hearing. If the inmate is found guilty, the IDHO may impose a sanction on the inmate, which may include loss of visitations, loss of commissary, punitive isolation, and/or payment of restitution. Meals The Weber County Jail contracts with an outside vendor for inmate meals. Inmate Workers When an inmate has the appropriate classification, he/she may apply for the privilege of working within the facility. Inmates may be paid a small hourly stipend. Some examples of the jobs available are: Culinary Workers, Librarian, Custodial Services, and Laundry Services.