Sheriff | Surry County, VA Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Home Government County Officials Sheriff Sheriff Responsibilities Law enforcement in the County is provided by the Sheriff's Office. The Sheriff provides preventive patrol though community policing, responds to calls for service, arrests suspected offenders, promotes traffic safety, combats drug related activities and conducts criminal investigations. The Sheriff is also responsible for courthouse security during trials and the processing of civil court papers. In addition, the Sheriff's Office is responsible for the Emergency 911 Operations in the County. The Dispatcher's Office is the 911 answering point for all departments and citizens of the County where all 911 and non-emergency calls are received, processed and dispatched appropriately. Radio dispatch for Animal Control is also handled by the Sheriff's Office during non-working hours. Mission The mission of the office is to protect and serve the citizens and property of Surry County. Grants The Sheriff's Office applies for and receives grants each year to include the Highway Safety Mini Grant and Local Law Enforcement Block Grant. Elected Officer The Sheriff is a constitutional officer elected to a term of four years. Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Requests View All Links /QuickLinks.aspx Find us on facebook . Contact Us Carlos Turner Sheriff Sheriff's Department Contact the Sheriff Physical Address View Map 45 School Street Surry , VA 23883 45 School Street Surry VA 23883 Directions Mailing Address P.O. Box 233 Surry , VA 23883 Phone: 757-294-5264 Emergency Phone: 911 Hours 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Directory Agendas & Minutes Follow county board meetings County Employment View current openings County Officials Officials & council info Surry County 45 School Street, Surry, VA 23883 Phone: 757-294-5271 More contact info > Social Media Instagram Youtube Real Estate Data Code and Ordinances Surry County Public Schools Surry County Chamber of Commerce Surry County Tourism /QuickLinks.aspx Home Contact Us Accessibility Copyright Notices Privacy Policy Non-Discrimination Notice /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow