Sheriff Home About Us Mission Executive Board Testimonials Gold Star Family App. Previous posts Sheriff Picture Gallery Soldiers home 2025 Golf Tournament 2025 Veterans Lonchion 6/2025 Veterans Luncheon 3/2025 Veterans Breakfast 2024 Soldiers Home 2024 Golf Tournament 2024 Swearing-in 2024 Malden Senior Center 2023 Soldiers Home 2023 Golf Tournament 2023 Wilmington Senior cent 23 Veterans Luncheon 2023 Winchester Hospital 2023 Soldiers Home 2022 Golf Tournament 2022 Vets Turkey Drive 2021 Event Calendar Forms Renewal New membership form MDSA Scholarship App. Merchandise Shirts Hat and Duffle bag Sweatshirts and Jackets Coins / Pins / key chains Contact Us Sheriff Peter J. Koutoujian I would like to begin by expressing my appreciation for the outstanding work done by members of the Middlesex Deputy Sheriff's Association this past year. Thank you for your volunteer efforts, hundreds of residents benfited enormously from your time and continued commitment to making our communities great places to live and raise families. In my message last year, I wrote an "organization is only as strong as its members." Through your volunteerism and philanthropy, you proved me correct. Like so many our great public service organizations, your true impact is not felt through large, grand donations, but rather through the everyday acts of meaningful charity that lift the spirits of our fellow citizens most in need. It's the Easter baskets you deliver to youngsters at Winchester Hospital, your support of the Billerica Food Pantry and your unwavering commitment to the Special Olympics that make the Middlesex Deputy Sheriffs Association special. I would like to express a special "thank" for the tremendous difference you made in the lives of hundreds of veterans and active duty military members this year and every year through your efforts at the Chelsea Soldiers Home. Your dedication to serving those who served our nation is truly admirable. "As we move into the fall season" I look forward to working with all of you to continue the tradition of making a difference for those in need. Thank you for your efforts and best wishes to you and your loved ones for a healthy, happy new year. WASHINGTON, DC – Middlesex Sheriff Peter J. Koutoujian joined leaders from across the nation at the White House on Monday, July 11, 2022 as President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. marked the passage of The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act . The legislation was passed in June following mass shootings in Buffalo, New York and Uvalde, Texas. “ The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act is a crucially important piece of legislation. The bill provides for an enhanced review process for those under the age of 21 seeking to purchase firearms, while also providing new resources for critical community- and school-based public safety initiatives. In addition, it clarifies who must register as federally licensed firearm dealers,” said Sheriff Koutoujian. “I want to thank President Biden, Senators Chris Murphy and John Cornyn, and all those who worked tirelessly to craft and pass this bill. And though work remains to be done, I believe this legislation represents meaningful action in efforts to improve safety in our communities, our homes and our schools.” In addition to the items listed above, the legislation: Adds convicted domestic violence abusers in dating relationships to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). Creates federal straw purchasing and trafficking criminal offenses. Establishes funding for the creation and establishment of extreme risk protection order systems, as well as mental health, drug and veteran courts. Provides funding to expand mental health services in schools. Invests resources to help institute safety measures for schools, including training for school personnel. Pictured abouve Middlesex Sheriff Peter J. Koutoujian, Norwood Police Chief William Brooks and IACP Deputy Executive Director Terrence Cunningham (former Wellesley, Mass. Police Chief) attended a White House event marking the passage of The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act on Monday, July 11, 2022. Find out more Copyright © 2026 MCDSA - All Rights Reserved. Powered by Golf Tournament 2024 Swearing-in 2024