Departments | Cleveland County Sheriffs Office, OK Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Facebook Twitter Pinterest Delicious Blogger LinkedIn Home My Account Printer Friendly Email Page Contact Us RSS Site Map Translate Page Notifications Documents Departments Detention Clerks The Clerks are responsible for maintaining and cataloging inmate files, maintaining inmate trust accounts, mail and visitation. Our clerical staff is also responsible for the information corroboration between the F. Dewayne Beggs Detention Center and the Cleveland County courthouse representatives, the Oklahoma Department of Corrections, a multitude of law enforcement agencies Programs The Cleveland County Sheriff’s Office has developed programs utilizing community resources and volunteers to meet inmate’s needs and to increase their chances for a successful return to the community. All inmates, except intake, disciplinary and some special management inmates are eligible for programs offered in the Jail. However, they can temporarily lose the privilege of programs, or be suspended from programs, if they present a threat to the security of the facility, other inmates, volunteers, or employees. The Program manager, or designee, will find volunteers to provide programs. Prospective volunteers from the community may contact the Program manager, or designee to volunteer in the Jail. Strategic Highway Interdiction & Enforcement Law Detail The Strategic Highway Interdiction & Enforcement Law Detail, S.H.I.E.L.D, focuses on identifying and disrupting major criminal activity moving through Cleveland County via the interstate and highway system. Because Norman is the first major city encountered by criminal networks traveling north along Interstate 35, the unit plays a critical role in intercepting large-scale criminal enterprises—including narcotics trafficking, human smuggling, and organized contraband movement—before they reach larger metropolitan areas. Through targeted enforcement and proactive interdiction, the unit works to prevent our roadways from being used as conduits for serious interstate criminal activity. Transport The Cleveland County Sheriff’s Office transports prisoners between correctional and medical facilities in a manner which minimizes the opportunity for escape and injury to citizens, Sheriff’s Office personnel, prisoners and mental health patients. To learn more, click on the photo to the left and see the video story of one transport deputy's journey. Warrants View information on current warrants for Cleveland County and find current Cleveland County inmates . We handle the Extradition/Transports for Adults/Juveniles that have gotten arrested on warrants/pick up orders out of our county and state. We enter warrants that have been issue on people We handle Court Order Writs on people that are out of our custody and need to be brought in for their court date. We handle Court Orders Mental Health Transports We handle Court Orders Juvenile Transports. Home Site Feedback Employee Access Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Detention Center Handgun License Sheriff Sale List Sex & Violent Crime Offenders Warrant Check /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus® Fingerprinting Warrant Check Employment Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow