Beverly Hills Jail Info – Bail, Visiting, Contacting Inmates Criminal Defense » Jails » Beverly Hills Jail Beverly Hills Jail Info – Bail, Visiting, Contacting Inmates Jail Information Address: 464 N Rexford Dr, Beverly Hills, CA 90210 Map Phone: (310) 285-2187 The Beverly Hills Jail , which is run by the Beverly Hills Police Department (BHPD), serves as a booking station and temporary holding facility for all individuals arrested within the city of Beverly Hills, CA . Most arrestees are held at this facility for just a few days until they post bail, are released on their own recognizance (known as “O.R.” release ), or are transferred after their arraignment hearing. The Beverly Hills Jail is not a typical county detention facility. The jail houses men and women who receive court approval to take advantage of their “Pay to Stay” program. Set up to accommodate those convicted of lower risk (non-violent) misdemeanor and felony crimes, the jail is, according to the BHPD, a “safe, clean, and secure environment.” This jail is located about 12 miles west of downtown Los Angeles, and about 11 miles north of Los Angeles International Airport. Offered below is information that may be of interest to family members and friends of individuals currently detained in the Beverly Hills Jail . Our team of California criminal defense lawyers provides key information on the following topics: 1. How do I search for an inmate in Beverly Hills Jail? 2. How do I post bail at the Beverly Hills Jail? 3. Can I call an inmate? 4. What are the Visiting Hours and Policies? 5. What is “Pay to Stay”? 6. How can an inmate’s property be collected? 1. How do I search for an inmate in Beverly Hills Jail? If you believe your friend or loved one may be in custody in the BHPD Jail, you can find out by using the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s “ Inmate Information ” search engine. You will need to provide the inmate’s first and last name to locate the data page, which includes the identifying physical characteristics, date of arrest, detention location, and booking number. Also provided is the criminal classification (felony or misdemeanor) as well as the bail amount, if any. Alternatively, you can always contact the jail directly at (310) 285-2187 or (310) 285-2184 to obtain specific information about your friend or loved one. Note: if the arrestee cannot or does not “bail out” before his/her first court appearance, male inmates will be transferred to a county jail, such as the Los Angeles Men’s Central Jail , the Los Angeles Twin Towers Correctional Facility or the Pitchess Detention Center (also known as Wayside) immediately following the court hearing. Female inmates will be transferred to the Century Regional Detention Facility (also known as Lynwood). 2. How do I post bail at the Beverly Hills Jail? Most criminal detainees are eligible for temporary release from incarceration through the payment of a bail bond . Generally, bail payment will be collected at the jail or you can use the (fee-based) services of a licensed bail bondsman. The BHPD accepts cash bail payment at their offices seven days a week, 24 hours a day. 3. Can I call an inmate? According to the laws of California, all incoming jail detainees are provided the opportunity to make at least three, local phone calls , which are free of charge. These calls allow arrestees to inform friends or family members of their custody status and/or to seek help from a criminal lawyer . Personal contacts are not permitted to call into the Beverly Hills Correctional Facility and speak directly to an inmate. Telephones are available to inmates in the common areas, from which unlimited collect calls can be placed. Note that all inmate phone calls will be subject to monitoring and recording. To avoid negatively impacting a friend or family member’s pending criminal case, take care to avoid conversations pertaining to his or her criminal charges. Pay to Stay inmates are not allowed to receive personal mail at the Beverly Hills Jail . Beverly Hills Jail Visiting Hours 4. What are the Visiting Hours and Policies? Inmates who are incarcerated at the Beverly Hills Jail may receive visitors during visiting hours , which differ for general detainees and Pay to Stay residents. General visitation is allowed each day from 10:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. with visitors accommodated on a first-come, first-serve basis. Due to Covid-19, visitors are requested to wear a face mask during their visit. General detainees are allowed one visit a day, with a time limit of 30 minutes per visit. A maximum of one adult can visit at a time. Pay to stay visitation is currently not active due to the Pay to Stay program being deactivated due to Covid-19. There is a brief list of visitation rules for those who plan to visit an incarcerated family member or friend in Beverly Hills: Valid, government-issued, photo identification must be presented. Valid ID includes a driver’s license, passport, alien registration card, or U.S. military card. Visitors under the age of 18 must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. You must be prepared to submit to a search upon entry to the visitation area, and contraband will subject you to arrest. Those who have been incarcerated at the Beverly Hills Jail in the past six months or are currently on parole may not visit an inmate. If you visit the jail while you have an outstanding warrant, you are subject to immediate arrest. Visitation privileges will be denied to anyone the staff believes may pose a threat to jail security. 5. What is “Pay to Stay”? Note: The Pay to Stay program has been temporarily halted due to Covid-19 concerns. The Beverly Hills Jail Pay to Stay program provides an alternative to serving a jail sentence in a county facility. Approved individuals who opt to pay ($110 per day) are permitted to stay in a private cell and remain segregated from the “general population” detainees. Pay to Stay inmates share common areas with other Pay to Stay inmates only, including a “day room” and bathroom/shower facilities. In addition to the obvious benefit of having a private cell and segregated housing away from the “general population” of a county jail, the pay to stay program allows inmates to serve their time in a few different ways. Assuming permission is granted from the presiding judge, options are: “Straight Time” – serving the entire sentence in a consecutive manner Weekend Time – Serving a sentence on weekends only (until the entire sentence has been served) Work Furlough – Working weekdays are spent outside the facility and the sentence is served during nighttime hours only In any of the above cases, a day of “time served” is equivalent to 24 hours in custody. Note that Pay to Stay inmates do not do time in the lap of luxury. There is no gym at the facility and smoking is not permitted anywhere on the premises. Cell phones, laptops and telecommunication devices are banned for those in custody. Residents may be assigned work duties at the jail at the discretion of staff. Inmates are permitted to bring in preferred food as long as it is in the form of commercially pre-packaged and sealed frozen meals. Other allowed items include $50 cash, basic toiletries, clothes/shoes, an inexpensive watch, reading material, glasses/lenses, and a pillow, blankets and/or sleeping bag. Pay to Stay fees are generally paid in advance, though payment schedules can sometimes be set up for a long sentence. Payment must be in cash or by money order or cashier’s check. 6. How can an inmate’s property be collected? All disallowed property found in an incoming inmate’s possession will be confiscated during booking and then stored at the jail pending release. If desired, inmates can authorize a friend or family member to pick up property at the jail. A property release authorization form must be filled out and any individuals seeking to pick up inmate property must present proper photo identification. Get Quick Legal Help... This form is encrypted and protected by attorney-client confidentiality. Name * Phone * Email * City where case is located * Tell us what happened Please attach any citations, booking sheets, police reports or other relevant documents. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. By checking the box, you are expressly consenting to receive SMS communication from Southern California Lawyers Group. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. To opt-out, reply STOP. For help, reply HELP. Δ 42.3K Subscribers | 1.3K Videos Featured on Contact Our Firm This form is encrypted and protected by attorney-client confidentiality. Name * Phone * Email * City where case is located * Tell us what happened Please attach any citations, booking sheets, police reports or other relevant documents. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. Attach another file if needed. By checking the box, you are expressly consenting to receive SMS communication from Southern California Lawyers Group. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. To opt-out, reply STOP. For help, reply HELP. Δ Call or Message Us 24/7 Attorneys Crimes A-to-Z Crimes by Code Section DUI Post-Conviction Locations 310-385-7895 Message Us